{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 Welcome to\'85 \par
                                                  \par
******************************************************\par
\fs22                        The Dragon Fire Chronicle\par
\fs20 March, 1998          5 Silvers       Issue #5, Vol. 2\par
******************************************************\par
\par
******************************************************\par
DFC STAFF\par
Marigold Lyrian -- Editor in Chief\par
Michael Stormbringer - Consulting Editor\par
Kassandra Shadowslinker -- News Editor\par
Esper Lyrian - Society Pages\par
\par
Contributors:  Fearagoh Stalberdin, Frason Dranco,\par
Aubrei RHRashakae. \par
\par
*******************************************************\par
\par
Table of Contents\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Letter From the Editor- Marigold Lyrian\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 2)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart2\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Bronze 4- Rhea Romero\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 3)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart3\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 The Valley of Shadows- Cutter Strongblade\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 4)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart4\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Lost Love- Ambertiger Honorclaw\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 5)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart5\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Top 5\rquote s- Fearagoh Stalberdin\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 6)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart6\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Rise of the Classes- Fearagoh Stalberdin\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 7)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart7\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Birth of a Khit- Pacer Snaggletooth\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 8)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart8\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 A Forging Song of Clan Forgefist- Meqelth Forgefist\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 9)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart9\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Kindred Blood- Guztymne Horawytz\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 10)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart10\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Sennid- Ferronogon DragonCenturian\par
\pard\par
11)  The Kings of the Forest, Pt. 1- Dravon Soulkill\par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 12)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart12\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Travels of an Odarian Priest- Khatmandu Snaggletooth\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 13)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart13\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Welmar- Guztymne Horawytz\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 14)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart14\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Killing List-Arrival- Soulstar Sunflare\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 15)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart15\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Untitled- Anonymous\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 16)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart16\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 The First Real Hunt- Alihtimasad Asad\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 17)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart17\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 A Flickering Of The Light- Kyrinne Woodmist\par
\pard\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 18)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart18\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li360 Minstrels And Musings- Esper Lyrian\par
\pard\par
19)  Gossip Column- Esper Lyrian\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Friends, Spurians, Countrymen\'85\par
\par
Oh, ahem, excuse me.  Welcome to the newest issue of the DFC!  As some have noticed, this issue has been quite a long time coming.  This is due to many reasons, notably the fact that for the past few weeks I\rquote ve been suffering a bad case of the Drag-al flu (no, laziness is not one of the primary symptoms!) , so please forgive the delay in publication.  We\rquote ve got some good stuff for you this month, including the return of the Rise Of the Classes column (yes, I know they\rquote re out of date by now), and the new division of the Society Column into two parts, one documenting the weekly activities of Spur\rquote s Bards, the other filling you in on all the latest gossip.  Still sniffling and coughing as I write this, I\rquote m going to try and keep it short.  So enjoy, and keep the material coming!\par
\par
Marigold Lyrian\par
Editor In Chief\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Bronze 4\par
By Rhea Romero\par
\par
Lobb and Inzy pushed their way to the southern end of the underground chamber.  They didn't make eye contact with each other once.  \par
\par
The southern passage was a mess of people going both ways and sometimes sideways.  Inzy had to stoop a little.  She was starting to feel like she'd gotten herself into something very not fun.  Here she was, in an undersized tunnel filled with short beings, with some foul-tempered mindless Hithual, heading off for a mission she knew nothing about.\par
\par
Lobb was going about with his usual calm and minimal air.  It wouldn't be hard to keep track of the tall Usil and apparently she knew where they were going, so he followed her without much to worry about.  If they messed up it would be her fault.  Easy enough.  \par
\par
Still, it wasn't smart to be on bad terms with your traveling partner, which Lobb knew all too well.  So after a few minutes of walking in silence he pulled her towards a small alcove and looked straight at her.\par
\par
"Usil," he said.  "We have a mission.  We have to work together.  Which means we have to like each other.  So let's make peace and continue."\par
\par
Inzy raised a skinny eyebrow.  "Okay, Lobb.  I apologize too."  She looked amused.  Lobb decided it was going to be very hard to keep on good terms.\par
\par
"So.  Where are we going now."\par
\par
"To the main line, Corky said."  Inzy squinted down the passage.  "Guess that's like, a really important mole hole."\par
\par
Lobb ignored the editorializing.  "How much do you think we can trust him."\par
\par
She looked surprised.  "Corky?  How much can we afford not to?  I mean, it's either follow his directions or run around blindly, you know, we aren't really in a position to question anyone, Lobb.  Until you remember your mission, we'll have to assume a LOT."\par
\par
He thought about this for a minute.  "I wonder," he said oddly, "how important this is."\par
\par
Inzy straightened up as much as possible.  "We'll have to assume it's the most important thing in the world," she said.  "Now let's get going, shall we?"  She smiled down at him and slipped back into the stream.  Lobb shrugged and followed.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
The Valley of Shadows   \par
By Cutter Strongblade\par
\par
(Editor\rquote s note: I was a little reluctant to print this story, if only because it isn\rquote t too well tied in with Spur and the surrounding world.  However, I found it quite well-written, and so here it is.)\par
\par
The sun was setting in a high lonely valley in the mountains to the South and East of the Great Sea. Few living things ever came to this place, most of those that did left soon; some stayed, but nothing lived within the valley's rock rimmed boundaries. The valley had a Presence about it that turned away all but the desperate. \par
\par
The lone rider was a hunter and vengeance had brought him here. The valley's evil aura had not dissuaded him from entry, just as it had not dissuaded the five riders that had entered the day before. They had feared the man behind them more than they had feared the Presence.  This aroused the interest of the Black Heart of the valley. It probed into the man's motives for vengeance and approved of them. \par
\par
The man who had been assigned to watch for the hunter was instead watching a pair of ants, one black, one red, as they fought to the death over some issue known only to them and perhaps to the Presence.  Perhaps it was the Presence that drove them to fight knowing the guard would watch and not notice the hunter's approach. \par
\par
The red ant severed the head of the black ant and marched away. Bored, the guard looked up and into the eyes of the hunter. Their eyes held for a moment and then with speed born of panic the guard grabbed for his \par
crossbow, not noticing the bow lying across the rider's saddle bows. \par
\par
The guard fired hastily and missed. Whining the fear and frustration, he reloaded. The rider sat unmoving. \par
\par
"Got you!" he yelled and pulled the trigger. The bolt lodged in the dirt beneath the rider's horse. He cursed, how could he have missed? He felt strangely weak, then the pain hit, a sharp tearing pain in his chest. He \par
looked down to find a growing circle of red around the black and silver fletched shaft protruding from his chest, then slowly crumpled to the ground. \par
\par
Kane cursed silently as he watched the rider weave among the skeletons of long dead trees in the lower valley. Kane's wore the face of a hunted, haunted man. His hands shook with hopeless fear and desperation. The Presence fed upon his fear, reveled in it, rolled in it like a dog in a rotting carcass. \par
\par
Kane's nightmare had begun when he had agreed to kidnap the daughter of a baron named Angus McDougal and bring her to hidden cove on the coast of the Maredan desert. He had received men, a ship, and a map of \par
McDougal's castle. The kidnapping had gone off without a hitch, but Kane hadn't counted on the sudden storm that drove his ship into a reef and left him and fifteen others shivering on the Armorican coast, nor had he counted on Angus following him to avenge his daughter's death. \par
\par
They hadn't noticed McDougal following them until two days after the wreck as they rode south on stolen horses. Kane tried every trick he knew to shake him off, but nothing worked. Twice he had set ambushes for \par
him and twice McDougal had killed the men sent to kill him. Kane had given up trying to kill him and concentrated on running. \par
\par
For three weeks McDougal pursued them across plains, through forests, and over mountains Kane hadn't known even existed. McDougal had given them no time to rest and once had even gotten ahead of them and laid his own ambush that had killed three of Kane's men before they could react. Once, men had tried to desert only to be found hanging from trees along the trail the next day. \par
\par
Now there were only three left, not counting Kane. Kane was sure the guard had been killed. They sat huddled around the fire like beaten dogs. They stared into the fire with haunted eyes. Their clothing hung \par
in tatters; their bodies wasted away by running with no time to rest. \par
\par
"He's coming," Kane said, picking up his saddle and moving to the horses, "let's go," he said. \par
\par
Kane fought the sudden urge to fall on his sword, and the Presence soon relented not wanting the game to end quite yet. Kane glanced at his remaining men. They sat, unmoving; waiting for the death they were sure \par
was coming. Kane shrugged and swung the saddle on the best horse. \par
\par
As Kane rode away, one of the men began playing with his dagger, admiring how it reflected the fire light. The Presence whispered to his mind; the man listened and presently buried the dagger to the hilt in his stomach. He didn't fall over, but remained in a sitting position, head sagging as if he were asleep. The other two men were too busy fighting their own internal battles to notice. \par
\par
Angus avoided the three men sitting around the fire, ignoring the Voice that told him to take his vengeance on them, Kane was the one he wanted most. Angus caught up with him two hours later in a small boulder strewn meadow. Kane was on foot because his horse had mysteriously fallen on a dead tree a few miles back, and had impaled itself like a bug on a pin. \par
\par
The Presence had been whispering to Kane's mind, building him up, so when Kane saw he was caught with no where else to run he attacked with the crazed fury of the insane. His fury was such that he knocked Angus from his horse, totally unaware of the crossbow bolt protruding from his chest. \par
\par
Angus scrambled to his feet, shaking his head to banish the ghostly laughter echoing through his mind, and punched Kane in the face with all his strength. Kane only laughed at him and threw him against a boulder. \par
Before Angus could recover his feet Kane was on him, biting and scratching. The sword strapped to his back was forgotten. \par
\par
Angus, his own emotions going wild, kicked Kane off and scrambled to his feet, drew his dagger and hurled it with all his strength into Kane's charging body. Kane went to his knees but slowly climbed back to his feet and moved to attack again. Incredulous, Angus dodged out of the way. His sword was on his horse, too far away, so he caught up his empty crossbow and bashed Kane over the head with it repeatedly until he collapsed in a bloody heap. Gasping for breath Angus threw the broken crossbow away. \par
\par
Later, the Presence in the Valley felt the rider crossing out of its enchanted domain. It let him go, its appetite momentarily sated. \par
\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Lost Love\par
By Ambertiger Honorclaw\par
\par
She groped about the room searching for her torch. After finding and lighting it, she hung it up. She thought about something her friend said a few days back.. 'Anyone who has a Khat'sara in the war in the west will receive news of them in three days time', she had said. Upon remembering this information, she bounded down the stairs, forgetting to put on some clothes. She ran down the hall to the front door and looked outside.\par
\par
'It hasn't come yet', she sighed. Looking at herself, her eyes instantly flew open and she shrieked. \par
\par
She cried, 'I must have displayed myself to half the town!' Reaching her room in a hurry, she shut her door and took out a long, slender robe shining a pale green.\par
\par
She said, 'I seem to always reach for this one.. I wonder why?' She didn't have to ask herself that. She knew it comforted her in her Khat'sara's absence. He bought it for her a year after their anniversary, and then it was a bit brighter, but it was still beautiful in her eyes. She proceeded to make herself a small breakfast in her kitchen. After sitting down to eat at the table, a she heard a knock on the door.\par
\par
 She jumped up, hoping it would be the letter telling her everything was all right. After opening it, she received a small amount of shock. A small female Leuian with rather blackish-gray fur was standing at the door. Her eyes sparked with wisdom and her air wasn't that would seem normal. \par
\par
'Mom?!', she cried. \par
\par
'Mina, dear, the older Leuian asked, is everything all right?' After inviting her in, Mina made her some fish sandwiches, her mother's favorite. \par
\par
'You never answered my question dear', her mother said.\par
\par
 After a moment of silence, Mina replied, 'Of course, Mom, why wouldn't it?' Her mother looked down for a moment.. \par
\par
She said, 'I'm sorry, I thought someone told you..' Mina looked at her mother with a face combined with horror and anticipation. \par
\par
She asked hurriedly, 'Told me What?!' \par
\par
Her mother bit her lower lip before she replied, 'Your father.. Didn't make it..' Mina's eyes closed and water began to leak through them. She tried to comfort her mother, whose eyes, too, were beginning to become wet with tears. They hugged each other and continued to talk about the times when Mina's father was still alive.. Until a second knock on the door reminded the young Leuian girl about her own Khat'sara.\par
\par
She told her mother, 'Don't move, Mom, that is probably news about Chad..' She opened the door and a tall, muscular Leuian greeted her. He stood about 7 feet, and was muscular in build, he carried no weapons, so Mina guessed he was a Hand Cleric of Sa, from the marking on his arm. \par
\par
'Are you Chad's Khat'sara?', he asked. Mina nodded. 'Wonderful, I've been trying to find you for hours,' he said with a grin on his face. He handed her a package of letters, about 4 or 5, she guessed. She took them to the table where her mother sat. \par
\par
'Well, apparently, it didn't come because the messenger got lost', she told her mother. She brushed her yellow mane back and put the letters down on the table.  She said, \lquote One from Auntie, another from the bank, one from the High Priestess of Elindale, and ahh.. One from the front in the west..' Her mother told her to open the one from the High Priestess first, as it was probably important business. Mina nodded and pushed the other letters aside. She seemed a little shocked about what she read. 'The High Priestess recently went into the Trance of Prophecy, Mom.. She was heard saying something about an unholy power in the west.. What do you think it could mean, Mom?', she asked.\par
\par
Her mother was just as shocked as she was. "Perhaps Taath's followers are planning a Ritual again?, she offered. \par
\par
Mina replied, 'That doesn't set off the Trance of Prophecy.. The last time the Trance was in effect was when the Demons invaded the islands near here.. If it weren't for the Trance we'd all be dead.' Her mother nodded. Mina sighed and said, 'I guess I should read Auntie's letter, she doesn't write often..' She opened the letter and read it. After giving to her mother she sighed. 'She's coming over again? Wasn't she just here?', she asked her mother.\par
\par
'She is a good khat, and you know it..', her mother replied.\par
\par
'But she always brings that khit.. Last time he was here he broke my vase and ripped one of my robes to shreds..', Mina retorted. Her mother sighed. Mina opened the letter from the back. 'The loan Chad and I got a while back is due.. I think I'm going to have to make some money to pay it off..', said Mina.\par
\par
 'I guess you have to open the one from the front now dear.. You've delayed it long enough.', her mother told her. Mina looked at the last unopened letter on the table and bit her lower lip.\par
\par
 Mina said, 'All right.. I can't delay this any longer, I suppose.' Her arm reached for the letter across the table, her face the full of anxiousness and anticipation.\par
\par
 To Be Continued...\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Top 5's!\par
Fearagoh Stalberdin\par
\par
\par
Welcome to another installation of the Top 5's, where you pick the topics and the winners. I hope you enjoy it, and keep your eyes peeled for the next one!\par
\par
Most Unique Weapon\par
1) Kbar's ruby-hilted silver scimitar              \par
2) Rother's Cat o'nine Tails                  \par
3) Rahvin's White diamond avallete    \par
4) Jhered's Oliphant tusk                        \par
5) Tisha's red velvet bag of marbles           \par
\par
Most Unique Armor\par
1) Sordum's Glittering blue aura            \par
2) Nafraidus' Pale robe of despair        \par
3) Meqelth's rotting steelwood armor    \par
4) Tisha's starry midnight blue silk robes            \par
5) Blood Stained Iron Mail of Nirvan'a\par
\par
Least Respected\par
1) Melraath\par
2) Varchild\par
3) Bizzy\par
4) Sysco\par
5) Kbar \par
\par
Best Gladiator\par
1) Tenser\par
2) Sordum\par
3) Methos\par
4) Incense\par
5) Saruman\par
\par
Creepiest\par
1) Slinnky\par
2) Incense\par
3) Michael\par
4) Varchild\par
5) Nwfandi\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
\par
Rise of the Classes\par
Fearagoh Stalberdin\par
\par
\par
In this issue of the DFC, we've decided to bring the popular Rise of the Classes back for your reading pleasure, exposing...er...presenting our beloved Spurian Guildmasters to you. Hope you enjoy.    -Fear\par
\par
\par
Thandril Impsbane holds the #1 spot of the Guild of Hand Clerics for now, while many of his Leuian kin wait behind him. How the endless shuffle of Leuians will end up is unknown.\par
\par
Clerical Order of the Hand\par
------------------------------------------------------------------\par
  1. Thandril Impsbane the Leuian\par
  2. Sammeth Offaces the Leuian \par
  3. Crewel Klittichorn the Leuian \par
  4. Khatmandu Snaggletooth the Leuian \par
  5. Aiana Danier the Leuian \par
  6. Khardoz Khatkyn the Leuian\par
  7. Tygraa Furbelly the Leuian \par
  8. Paratwa Oskaloq the Leuian \par
  9. Magicshef Clawmatic the Leuian \par
 10. Shinto Askani the Leuian \par
 11. Caravel Mystfire the Leuian \par
 12. Grehy Wannamaker the Arachnian \par
 13. Fasa Mystfire the Leuian \par
 14. Joptilly Hoi the Secian\par
 15. Stoker Minnion the Leuian \par
 16. Retta Clawsworth the Leuian \par
 17. Sitruc Nitsua the Leuian \par
 18. Panthroe Lyonsmane the Leuian \par
 19. Cinzar Kunthgar the Hithual \par
 20. Gwon Noggy the Leuian \par
 21. Shotokan Sunstreak the Leuian \par
 22. Khaldrith Luenvar the San Elf \par
 23. Timic Morrowind the San Elf \par
 24. Halfaloaf Oskaloq the Leuian \par
 25. Hottshott Lastshot the Leuian\par
\par
\par
\par
Purrkinn Pouncers claims spot #1 in the Guild of Clerics of the Heart. It's very evident that the Heart Cleric Guild is where most Secians find their place, but for now this Leuian is the one leading.\par
\par
Clerical Order of the Heart\par
-------------------------------------------------------------------\par
1. Purrkinn Pouncers the Leuian \par
  2. Rixinon Corinth the Secian \par
  3. Thistleroot Nettlepatch the Secian \par
  4. Bigw Hannover the Leuian \par
  5. Lainoir Isky the Psycian\par
  6. Benni Corinth the Secian \par
  7. Morninggaze Starhammer the Anthian \par
  8. Caitharo Olelath the Leuian\par
  9. Berial Ambrosius the Secian \par
 10. Feste Deolivia the Secian \par
 11. Kyrinne Woodmist the Secian \par
 12. Maykit Betor the Secian \par
 13. Est Norte the Secian \par
 14. Monticath Allimair the Secian \par
 15. Trinid Forical the Secian \par
 16. Tula Starhopper the Secian \par
 17. Hollie Fangthane the San Elf \par
 18. Idryth Cader the Leuian \par
 19. Jaysun Dalamar the Secian \par
 20. Jubbal Spritewing the Secian \par
 21. Tscina Neophite the Secian \par
 22. Jazmyn Faierydelvyn the Secian \par
 23. Jukie Dinv the Secian\par
 24. Shaar Orgiller the Secian \par
 25. Reason Valencia the Human \par
\par
A heavy populated class in the Spur, The Sword Cleric. Armonius Undermount the Hithual has taken his claim to the #1 spot in this Guild, and has stuck to it for quite a while. \par
\par
Clerical Order of the Sword\par
---------------------------------------------------------\par
  1. Armonius Undermount the Hithual \par
  2. Creolis Corleon the Leuian \par
  3. Kagee Predator the San Elf \par
  4. Viderien Savorhaven the Psycian \par
  5. Phenix Chromeknight the Leuian \par
  6. Lestor Pren the Leuian \par
  7. Blade Chromeknight the Leuian \par
  8. Incense Demesne the Leuian \par
  9. Sorian Shadowdemon the San Elf \par
 10. Simbaa Leuianii the Leuian \par
 11. Kalys Oflegend the Hithual \par
 12. Panick Undermount the Drag-al \par
 13. Rev Lastcall the Hithual \par
 14. Khain Grayheart the Hithual \par
 15. Gargath Goldbuckle the Hithual \par
 16. Memnoch Devalios the San Elf \par
 17. Zykil Paladin-odarous the Psycian \par
 18. Alihtimasad Asad the Hithual \par
 19. Tromas Tigrara the Leuian \par
 20. Mesmee Riaze the Hithual \par
 21. Koria Shayachern the Leuian \par
 22. Anvil Bloodbaine the Hithual \par
 23. Redclaw Greypelt the Leuian \par
 24. Solic Xacar the Hithual \par
\pard{\pntext\f0 25)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart25\pndec{\pntxta)}}
\fi-360\li405 Zappeter Dasnuffer the Hithual\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard\li45 ============================================================================\par
Birth of a Khit\par
By Pacer Snaggletooth\par
\par
He had just finished eating his breakfast. After rinsing out his bowl and placing it back on the shelf, he walked into the bedroom and slipped off his sleeping gown. He reached his paw under the pillow and pulled out his hunting clothes: a forest-green tunic and black leather britches.  He was just pulling on his boots when he heard a knock on the door.\par
\par
He smiled. That must be Idryth, he thought. He and Idryth had made plans that day to hunt in Yelican Forest.  The thought of Idryth always made him smile.  From the first moment he had seen her, she had been the love of his life. And he was her love, her Sir Khat. He half-ran, half-skipped to the door to let her in.\par
\par
It was not Idryth.  There, standing at his door, was a tiny Secian, shivering in the cold. Dewdrops fell off the tips of her wings. She was hardly dressed for a cold February morning, with only a light gown over her shoulders and tiny ruby slippers on her feet.  In her arms, she held a bundle of brightly-colored rags.\par
\par
"Khittiemandus Snaggleteef?" asked the little secian. Khatmandu blinked.  "Issa you Khittiemandus Snaggleteef?" she asked again.\par
\par
"Aye," he began, "how did you know..." but she had already flitted past him into the warmth of his home.\par
\par
"Well, you wassa not gonna leab me stammin out dere in da cold, wassa you?" Khatmandu started to say it wasn't cold, but remembered that Leuians didn't feel the cold like others did.  Even on the coldest of days, their fur kept them warm enough, so that just a light robe would be more than sufficient.\par
\par
The Secian held her bundle of rags even closer to her and let out a sigh. Khatmandu saw her looking over the room as if she were scrutinizing it, searching for something. He looked around, all seemed to be in order to him. It was no different from any other Leuian's home: a fireplace on one wall, with two large chairs facing it, a large eating table in the center of the room, a few shelves with books on one wall and another shelf with his eating dishes on another. He even had a wooden floor; many just had dirt floors. Off to one side of the room was the door leading to his bedroom.\par
\par
"How did you know I was Khatmandu?" he asked.  \par
\par
The Secian smiled. "Words of kind deeds trabel fars wif Secians," she said, and turned her attention to him. "I know you issa good khittie, anna das why I be here todays. I comes to ask for you help."\par
\par
She gently laid her bundle of rags on the table. "Actually, is him dat needs you help." And she pointed to the rags. Khatmandu started as he saw the rags moving on the table. He gasped as the rags fell away a bit and revealed a newborn khit, a tiny ball of orange fur, still wet from the birthing process. \par
\par
"Is he injured?," asked Khatmandu as he pulled back the rags to get a better look at the khit. "Oh no, he issa in perfect comdishun," said the little secian. "He jus needs sombudy to look after him, dat all."\par
\par
"That's all?" chuckled Khatmandu. "Where are his parents?"\par
\par
The secian sighed again. "His poppa issa deaded, anna his momma....."  \par
\par
"His momma.....what?" Khatmandu raised his eyebrow at the secian.\par
\par
The Secian stood silent for a long time. Then very quietly, so quietly, Khatmandu had to lean down to hear her, she said, "His momma no want him. She gonna kill him. She say she don need be tied down wif a baby khittie."\par
\par
"His mother was going to kill him!?!" Khatmandu was astonished. Leuians are fiercely protective of their khits and the thought of a mother wanting to kill or even harm her own, almost made him sick.\par
\par
The secian looked up at Khatmandu, tears in her eyes. "He prolly issa cold. You got a blankie to wrap him in?" Khatmandu blinked, still trying to digest the news of a mother Leuian wanting to harm her khit. He told the Secian to wait there and he walked into his bedroom looking for something to wrap the child in. His quilt was much too large, as Leuian khits are very small at birth, usually only about 12" long from head to toe. He grabbed his sleeping gown and walked back to the Secian. \par
\par
But the Secian was gone. The khit still lay on the table, mewing and cooing. Khatmandu looked out the front door, but saw nothing of the Secian. He walked back to the khit, wrapped him in the gown, lifted the child and went back to the door again. There was no Secian in sight.\par
\par
The khit's little whimpers began growing steadily into a full-blown wail of tears. Khatmandu patted and petted the child, but nothing would stop his crying.  He didn't know what to do with a baby. He had never really been around babies before. What was he supposed to do with this one?  Idryth will know, he thought. But she was late showing up and the khit was screaming even louder now.\par
\par
Finally, in desperation, he wrapped the child tighter in the gown and ran out and down the alley to Tigerclaw and Coeur's home. They had a young khit, Khateul, just four years of age now. They would know how to quiet this child.\par
             \par
***\par
\par
"She what!?!" screamed Coeur when Khatmandu told her of the mother Leuian wanting to kill her own child. "If I ever saw that khat, she....she would be dead!" Coeur spat, furious at the thought of this. "Khat, give me the child. He is hungry." As Coeur stoked the fire to warm the milk, Tigerclaw took Khatmandu aside.\par
\par
"Are you going to keep him?" he asked. "Do I have a choice, Tiger?" Khatmandu replied as he watched Coeur let the khit suck on milk-soaked rags. "What would become of him if I didn't take care of him? I can't just leave him out in the cold to perish. I would be no better than the mother of the child."\par
\par
Tigerclaw nodded. "It's not easy keeping up pace with a growing khit. Believe me, I know," chuckled Tigerclaw as he glanced at his own son trying to get a peek at the baby his mother was holding. Tigerclaw smiled at his friend. "They can be a handful at times, but I guess I wouldn't trade fatherhood in for anything."\par
\par
Khatmandu laughed. "I know it won't be easy to keep up pace with him.  But I'll have to. I always wanted to get khat'sara'd to Idryth and have khits....just didn't know it would come in this order. Idryth!!" Khatmandu gasped. "How can I go hunting with a khit!?! What am I supposed to do with....."\par
\par
Coeur and Tigerclaw exchanged glances, then smiled at Khatmandu. "Life will be different for you now, Khat. Go, find Idryth and tell her. I'm sure she will be pleased. We'll keep an eye on the little Pacer."\par
\par
Khatmandu hugged his friends. He then bent down and kissed the sleeping khit for the first time. Then he ran out the door to find Idryth.\par
\par
***\par
\par
Three days later, Khatmandu stood before the Pride and introduced Pacer Snaggletooth, his son, since it was customary for newborn khits to be taken to the first Pride meeting after their birth and shown to all members. Pacer was welcomed into their family as if he were one of thier own. \par
\par
And all, down to the last khat, swore vengeance on the mother who would have killed her own khit.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard\li45 ============================================================================\par
A Forging Song of Clan Forgefist\par
By Meqelth Forgefist\par
\par
The dancing light of the fire,\par
The sweet smell of the smoke,\par
Sets stage for the performance,\par
Which opens with a hammer\rquote s stroke\par
\par
Every Hithual is a bard,\par
Performing in our own way,\par
Clean the anvil, stroke the fire,\par
Begin now without delay\par
\par
Swing the forge hammer again,\par
That music sets my heart free,\par
Sparks fly out on every note,\par
Of Hithual melody\par
\par
Listen to the hissing steam,\par
Hear the flames crackle my kin,\par
Mixed in with the hammer\rquote s crash,\par
Oh, swing that hammer again\par
\par
Now keep yer drum, keep yer harp,\par
Put away yer lute and lyre,\par
Tis only one instrument,\par
A Hithual yearns to hear\par
\par
So store yer flute and fiddle,\par
We don\rquote t want the mandolin,\par
Just play that forge-room ballad,\par
That dwells in our blood, oh kin\par
\par
Swing the forge hammer again,\par
That music sets my heart free,\par
Sparks fly out on every note,\par
Of Hithual melody\par
\par
Listen to the hissing steam,\par
Hear the flames crackle my kin,\par
Mixed in with the hammer\rquote s crash,\par
Oh, swing that hammer again\par
\par
Teach me master of the forge,\par
That I may play as ye do,\par
My soul verily cries out,\par
To forge such sage music true\par
\par
From way down within my bones,\par
Outward to my hair and skin,\par
The song demands expression,\par
Please swing that hammer again\par
\par
Swing the forge hammer again,\par
That music sets my heart free,\par
Sparks fly out on every note,\par
Of Hithual melody\par
\par
Listen to the hissing steam,\par
Hear the flames crackle my kin,\par
Mixed in with the hammer\rquote s crash,\par
Oh, swing that hammer again.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Kindred Blood\par
by Guztymne RHorawytzR\par
\par
Dear Aubrei,\par
\par
I must say that Mom must have been angry at Dad when she chose your name.. Aubrei.  ::shakes his head::  But that is not my point in writing this letter.  Hasn't it been a while since we've spoken?  I cannot believe that I let 100K silvers get in between us, causing this chasm of silence.  Forget the money, because I've forgotten to tell you how important you are to me.\par
\par
Remember the first time we met?  The Circle of Honor Archery contest.  Those were the days, weren't they?  Remember how we beat Skylar and all the other important bow-users, to emerge tied as 5th place (unofficially, because they did not have prizes except for the first three places).  I still remember every moment of that contest, from the crowds of people drawn to the spectacle of the first ever archery contest, and the noise and chatter.  I remember that many had forgotten their entrance fees, and there were many suspicious of others, fearing that thieves might take advantage of that event to pick pocket a few extra silvers.  Do you remember how we met in the Noble's park, but never spoke, because we did not know each other?  I was rather secluded, because the event was filled with the most famous names, and I was standing alone.  I remember the different portals we had to through and the strange arena.  I remember the clown and the stunned creatures that we used as targets.  They never died, did they!?  I remember waiting in anticipation while they called out names, and one by one, the contestants would nock their bluish ash short-bows with the standard arrows, and shoot at the targets.  Did you feel the same anticipation as me when you stood and shot, and after every round, you were chosen to the next?  Do you remember that darned night mosquito, which neither one of us could hit?!  It was that moment, I believe, that we recognized each other.  The past before that event, I hardly remember your face or your charm, but that incident affirmed out kinhood.\par
\par
Do you remember the days back, when we would hunt out rogues and other mischievous critters?  I remember the shades and the screaming and the blood (ours), and the screaming and more screaming.  And the shrieking.  Remember DarkRanger, who we would hunt with, at the thieves' guild?  That long passage through which I know don't even remember.  That was fun, especially when we met the master (of chief?  I even forget the simplest details) assassins, and we were determined to kill it, even for the fun of it, enduring the different fire darts and other spells.  That was fun.\par
\par
Disarming skeletons was always fun, and sometimes, I would serve as a disarming target for you, remember?  I remember the practice sword and the constant surprise I had when you managed to disarm me.  I could have sworn that I held on to the sword with all my might, but you always found a way to distract me.  Silly fool.  And the different useless practice sessions we had, when we would hit each other and use First Aid to heal each other.  Your warms hands and your calming voice was always a comfort, even when I am three years older than you.  Of course, I think my First Aid is better than yours, but it was never apparent because you always seemed to be quicker than me to bandage my wounds up.\par
\par
Then, the medallion, where you spent your entire life savings to buy a Esp aura casting medallion, which you appropriately renamed medallion of the Unknown (or something like that.  Go Elindale).  I always respected you for your devotion to the Unknown, and how you fought for his honor.\par
\par
I remember the first time you mentioned Lorianna, whom you liked.  ::wink wink nudge nudge::  She was a charm.  Perhaps the wedding process has become somewhat banal, and still retaining that high expense, became worthless.  Nevertheless, that was the reason we adopted Rhea (or found out that she was our sister, I never really understood).  You had suggested that I marry her, without the sense to remember that I was the Virgin Bride of Elindale (or so I cause myself to believe).  So, Rhea entered the family and started the entire controversy of Romero-Horawytz-Rashakae, or more commonly known, the RHR's.  Rhea's last name was used first, because she was a lady ("ladies first"), and I was in before yours because I was older.  Thus the RHR's.  Then, it got really hectic as other people whom I did not know began to attach themselves to our family, and got so chaotic that one day, I realize that Araton was part of the family too.  It turned out that he was our family pet or something.  That was possibly the first time that I got angry at everyone, and disowned my last name.  Of course, the anger passed, and I felt ashamed (I never apologized for getting wrathful), and of course, now, I'm Guztymne RHorawytzR.\par
\par
Brother, it has been so long since the archery contest, and we have gone through much good times.  That seemed so long ago.  When I bugged you to return the debt you borrowed from me, I was so ignorant of how you were feeling.  You had been swindled (hehe.... )  and now, I can imagine the depression and emotions you were feeling.  I am sorry for being so insensitive.  I wrote this letter to you, to tell you that despite everything we have gone through, and how far we've come, and how far we've gone apart, you will always be my brother, and nothing in this world can change that.  I am proud of your achievements, especially that in the Fighter's guild, and the Dragon Fire Chronicles (I admit that I had initial jealousy over your success in the DFC... heheh).  \par
\par
Forever,\par
Guzzy\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Sennid\par
By Ferronogon DragonCenturian\par
\par
Sennid poked his head around the corner of the large iron gate South of Spur.  He grinned evily to himself, 2 townsmen were coming his way judging by the lantern light getting cloer and closer. The Arachnian Hand Cleric Readied a short Black dagger and slipped back into the shadows.\par
\par
 The two townsmen were talking about how wonderful this night was and how well business was going at home. Sennid Chuckled to himself then hissed quietly "Yesss...enjoy your last night!". The two townsmen just cleared the gate and Sennid made his move. He sprang at the one on the right, a bald man in a red tunic and thrust the dagger into the man's eye socket. The townsmen let out a silent scream and fell over dead into a widening pool of blood.\par
\par
 Sennid retrieved his dagger and threw it at the 2nd townsmen who was trying to escape the Arachnian killer. The shot missed the townsmen and with a metallic clang deflected off the gate and fell to the floor. Sennid then stuck his arm out and shot a crystallized web at the townsmen...direct hit. The townsmen became tangled and fell to the floor. He let out one final scream before the Arachnian smashed his wind pipe with a well placed kick. \par
\par
"Who is down there?! What goes on?!" Sennid heard a Guard Sergeant Yell. Sennid did not have much time before the night patrol would be on him. He grabbed the townsmen's coin pouch and the other's silver dagger. He then retrieved his own black dagger and vanished into a alley leading farther South into Spur.\par
\par
Altar Fidalis,a Fir Elf Guard sergeant, rushed through the gate, 2 guards following behind, and looked at the gruesome site. "Sergeant, that is horrible!" Mace, a bearded human in his mid-20's said. "Ya Corporal, it is. But as long as that spider is out there, this will continue".   "Hey Useless!", Altar said indicating the Usil elf mage over to him, "Go back to HQ and get some people out here to clean up this mess."  "Aye aye sir". Useless muttered. Ever sense he, Melvin Marksia, joined the town guard he had been stuck with the name "useless" do to his low ability in magic and his race.  Useless turned and headed back towards HQ.\par
\par
Sennid reached his home\'85a hidden area in the Northern part of Spur.  sense he had been branded a criminal, he did not like to walk around much in the day.  Sennid liked his life style, he never knew any other. Prey on the innocents of Spur, kill them and take their weapons and money. He was also a fairly good martial artist, trained at a very young age by the Arachnian Assassin group "Black Fang".  Sennid excelled in his work and even some of his fellow assassins were shocked at how brutal he could be. While most of Black Fang liked a quick, easy painless death, Sennid liked to cause suffering, make his victim fell terror and beg just before he killed them. Soon Sennid grew tired of guild life and set out on his own to increase his wealth.\par
\par
  He also still had a few enemies...one of them being a silver haired Fir Elf Guard Sergeant who had been tracking him for months, ever sense he killed that Night Watchmen, Sennid has been tracked by Altar. "One day I will kill him!" he shouted to the rats that ran around his sewer home. "No one shall kill me! the only person who decides Sennid's fate is Sennid!!" he shouted. "no one.." he murmered before picking up a bone handled black scimitar and began to Sharpen it.\par
\par
\par
A few nights later Sennid became bored and decided he'd roam around TS.  No one was really up, just another mercenary team set there, the Marauders, a odd job mercenary team that consisted of a 2 glow heads, 1 Monit and a fir elf. They often set here late into nights, drinking, gambling and wondering where their employer , a Mage named Mebok Irlweeh dissapeared to.  But other then that, TS square was a quiet place. "Hey Webs-for-brains!" The Fir elf named Farindel called. "You wanna role the dice with us?" Sennid slowly turned his head to the Fir elf and nodded no. Usually Sennid would kill people for such comments, but he knew who this elf was, and that he was a great warrior. What made that even more apparent was the Silvery Drathian Armor he wore. Also at his side was a Silver elven Rune sword. Sennid then walked away from the Mercenary team wondering if he'd some how be able to acquire that sword. \par
\par
Just as he was in Mid thaught he saw something out of the corner of his eye.  A young Rune mage, a Penthanin rune mage, practicing his new spells on a large iron gate. Sennid didn\rquote t even wait to attack. He flew at the Penthanian with a hook kick to the Mage's head. The mage stumbled then fell to the floor. "Why are you doing this?!" the Pent yelled at the Arach, then started weaving a spell. Sennid hissed "Cause I don\rquote t  like you!" Sennid then began his advance upon the rune mage who was still weaving runes...then Sennid stopped. Runes began to circle around the mages head, creating a sphere of flame which then flew and struck Sennid! Sennid felt he was on fire as he was throw back to the floor. The last thing he saw before everything went black was a running Penthanian...his kill. \par
\par
Altar kicked the returning  Usil elf. "Jeez  not only are you guys useless, but your always late!" Altar muttered.  "S-Sorry sir! There was a hold up at the office"  Useless stammered.   "Very well Private. Where is your weapon!?" While Melvin was a RuneMage, Altar insisted that he always carry this large glaive around, since Altar did not really trust magic. "Sir.....I think I dropped it somewhere.."\par
Mace laughed out loud, "Do you think that magic is going to save your hide when you have a enemy standing above you, ready to severe your useless neck! ha!"\par
Altar grunted to Mace. "Aye."\par
\par
   "Ok...more disturbing matters are at hand...there is an invasion of Rogues in Town Square, most of the guard units as well as the civilians are fighting them. It\rquote s pretty much under control, \lquote cept near the far southern gate. I have just been ESPed a command to take my unit down there and eliminate the problem".  Mace placed a black sallet on his head and readied a large, menacing looking two handed mace(his name sake). They then checked their issue chain mail, which was worn under the blue and gold trimmed tunics they wore. Altar readied his 2 handed pike and threw Melvin a small silver dagger. "You drop that and ill have your head Useless." he said. "Sir..would you quit calling me that" Melvin replied. "your Useless till I find a better name, Useless." Melvin scowled. "ok, lets just get going." The three guardsmen then began the walk to southern gate.   \par
\par
"Yous awake yet Mr.Spider?"  Sennid heard a voice say. He slowly opened his eyes. He was in a small hut, laying on a wooden table. He then saw who was talking and probably who had saved his life. A small secian in a white robe. She smiled at him with a twinkle of her ruby eyes. "hi hi! me thought yous would neber wake up!"\par
"My name be Stacia. Who are yous?"  Sennid blinked then hissed "Sennid." The secian raised a eyebrow at him. "mes heard dat name somewhere...forgot though." \par
Then she smiled again. "So...how\rquote d ya gets burned like dat? "A feral tried to kill me." Sennid hissed. "Well Mr.Spider..here id your sword." The secian said offering the bone handled scimitar to Sennid. Sennid then got a plan. Sennid raised the scimitar above his head and brought the pummel down upon the Secian\rquote s head, knocking it out cold. "bait!" Sennid hissed then jumped off the table.\par
\par
\par
The three Guardsmen crept to the corner of a large building and peered around it.  Five rogues were holding up a small band of townsmen. Altar gestured to Useless and whispered "Useless!" Cast that spell on me and mace that makes people disappear."  Melvin nodded to Altar. Then runes begin to dance above him and within a few seconds, altar and mace had disappeared.  "Give us all your money!" the 3rd rogue, a large thugian, said.  "But we barely have enough for ourselves!" a desperate townsmen shot back. "Very well...I can fix that." said the Thugian rogue who appeared to be the leader. "Y-you can?" said the nervous townsmen. The rogue nodded and produced a large 2 handed steel battle-axe. "You see this?" the thugian said with a sneer. "Yes..." replied the townsmen. Then with a lightning quick motion the Thugian Rogue brought the Battle axe above his head and brought it down upon the townsmen's skull splitting him from skull to gullet.\par
\par
 The towsfolk screamed in terror. "Ok...any more problems present?" said the thugian after removing his battle axe from the townsmen's body. "Good." the thugian rogue said. "Now drop all the money you have and be quick!" But as those words were spoken, a silver pike head ripped forth from the huge thugians chest and quickly withdrew. The thugian's eyes rolled back and he tumbled forward and fell dead to the floor. Behind him stood Altar, taking up a defensive stance against the other 4 rogues. As the 4 rogues turned towards the elf, a look of amazement on their face, Mace suddenly appeared behind another rogue and brought his weapon down upon the rogue, smashing the rogues helmet.  The rogue gritted its teeth against the pain in his head and staggered back. \par
\par
\par
Mace maneuvered in for another blow, but the rogue braced itself and sprung. Mace and the rogue went tumbling. Mace's two-handed mace was lost in the fall. The rogue tried to bring its dagger down into Mace's throat, but Mace grabbed the rogue's hand and twisted. The rogue screamed and dropped the dagger. Mace scrambled for it, and sunk the dagger home. The rogue struggled to\tab resist death creeping up its limbs, but it was in vain. The rogue closed his eyes and death swiftly came. One of the rogues seeing that his chances to live were slim turned and ran up the northern road, Altar and Useless gave chase.  Then Mace realized there was one left and that he had no time to block the incoming blow.  The rogue swung a two-handed barbed steel saber and Mace which ripped into his swordarm. The rogue smiled and twisted the saber. Mace winced as the rogue continued twisting the sword deeper into his flesh. The rogue then ripped the saber out and whirled around just in time to see Useless returning. \par
\par
 Mace took advantage of the distracted rogue and ran into the rogue with his good shoulder and knocked it to the floor.  "Useless!" Mace shouted, "use one of your spells quickly!"   Melvin nodded in a hurried motion and began to chant strange words in the language of magic and soon had small runes circling his head.  Then a huge sword of fire took form and flew to the rogue and slashed at him while the flame burned him. soon the rogue fell to the ground, a charred corpse.  "Wow!" Mace declared, eyeing the corpse "I hope you never try that thing on me!"  Useless smiled proudly. "You keep calling me Useless and ill make this look beautiful compared to what will happen to you! Melvin said, a smile on his face.  "Ok, now quit being so happy with yourself and help get me bandaged up!"\par
\par
\par
"3 of them."  Sennid thought to himself.  "And they took out the hired help", he thought with a smirk. Sennid had been sitting in the shadows watching the fight take place, seeing if he  could get rid of Altar without having to do it himself. He noticed Altar's return.  "Useless, take mace to the base and have the clerics there take care of his wounds."  "I will police up this area and meet you there later."   This was the chance Sennid had been waiting for! Altar...alone...  Useless and Mace nodded and headed back up the long road to HQ. Sennid then decided this was his chance. He drew his long black dagger and cut open the bag next to him and picked up the bound secian. \par
\par
"Hey Altar!" Sennid hissed stepping front the shadows. Altar turned on his heel eyes open wide. "Sennid!"  "Turn yourself in or face death!"   Sennid smirked at him then pointed to the secian, which he held in a head lock. "Sennid...put the Secian down."   "If you say so..." Sennid said...."I\rquote ll put her down in her grave alright!" Sennid's hand holding the Secian's head made a quick jerking movement to the left and a cracking sound came from the Secian's neck as Sennid broke it. "you....you\'85" Altar whispered, then released a flurry of curses.  "That\rquote s no way for a guard to be talkin!" Sennid said with a smile as he dropped the dead Secian\rquote s body and drew his Black Scimitar.\par
\par
Altar in turn drew his own blade, a Silver Broad Sword with the guardsmen's crest on it.  "Nice blade elf." Sennid said with a snarl, "it will look even better in my hand!"  With that he lunged at Altar, who parried the strike. Altar maneuvered around to make a thrust at the Arachnian but the blade missed and hit the iron gate creating several sparks. Then Sennid went for a downswing  but Altar stopped it with his blade. The blades were held over their heads...one movement could decide who won this battle. Sennid went for the dagger in his belt with his free hand and drew it, but Altar seeing he had one chance, took his palm and hit the arachnian under the elbow, bringing the blade up and sinking it into Sennid's artery. Rapid spurts of blood began to shoot from the arachnian's neck as he fell to his knees, and then slumped over on the floor. \par
\par
Altar looked at the Arachnian and said "justice is served" And turned to see if his companions were returning. Sennid's eyes flew open...he knew he had seconds to live...and he closed his eyes and prayed to Taath. Soon a vulture of magic appeared and covered him in a red glow. Soon the pain in his neck was gone, and the Vulture left. Sennid silently lifted himself off the floor. His scimitar was in the gutter...that arrogant elf having kicked it there. Sennid then noticed altar was walking back through the town gates. Sennid stood, ran Altar's direction and with unnatural vigor jumped into the air and hit Altar in the back with a flying kick. The elf flew forward to the floor, his sword knocked from his hand across the street stones. "Now....Vengeance will be served!" Sennid hissed picking the elf up by his hair and bringing his elbow down on altar's face. altar's nose was now broke and bleeding. He reached back and brought his own elbow into the Arach's gut making him lose his grip. Altar got to his feet and punched Sennid in the jaw. \par
\par
"Alright, now your dead!" Sennid snarled. He then stepped in with a side kick, connected with Altar's chest, brought that foot down and brought his other foot up into altar's midsection. Altar stumbled and fell to the floor not moving. Sennid stepped up next to him and said "Should have went for the sword fool!" Then brought his foot down on Altar's neck, smashing bone, flesh and his windpipe. Altar looked up at the Arachnian through a red haze...and died. Sennid limped over to the street corner and picked up a silver sword with the Guardsmen's crest on it. "Heh...told ya so..." he muttered in a rasping voice. He then took one last look at the dead elf and limped back into the Shadows of the night\'85waiting for his next victim.\par
\par
Altar and Stacia were soon found by the next guards patrol and were given an honorable burial. Not much is known as to what happened to the Arachnian known as Sennid, wether he lives\'85whether he died...all that is known is the future will soon tell.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
The Kings of the Forest (pt. 1)\par
by Dravon Soulkill\par
\par
We had been flying over a previously unknown kingdom the day before, west of a small hithual colony.  In the evening, we observed a large city near a forest, probably the capital of this region.  Great beauty graced this city's all-wooden architecture, so I decided to have a closer look.  Allon, Stoker, Bizzy and I landed just before dawn this morning, a few miles north in the forest.  The rumblings of a storm echoed in the dark.  The  Dirge remained up in the sky, watching for San warbirds among the clouds; since Dacklar's battle last week,  there had been no further sign of them.  I put Seltin in charge, with Dacklar at his side for in-depth combat training.\par
\par
No sooner had we set foot in this misty forest than the sound of battle arose.  The clang of metal and the mighty roar of a monster echoed through the woods.  We hurried to investigate.  In a small clearing stood a Griffon , poised to release its fiery breath at a gallant knight clothed in green.  The raging storm of fire fell upon the man as he plunged his blade into the beast's crimson-stained hide.  The knight fell to his knees-alive, but just barely.\par
\par
Horrified by the spectacle , we reached for our weapons, hoping to aid the knight.  Suddenly, I felt the cold edge of a blade under my throat. Move not, strangers," spoke a cool voice, "for this is not your battle." I glanced over and saw the warning came from another knight.\par
\par
Six other knights appeared around us.  They all wore the same green garb and armor as the noble warrior in the clearing.  We were evidently not to be killed, so our attention went back to the fight.  The Griffon pawed at the sword stuck in its chest,  trying to rip it out.  It prepared to breathe again.  Raising both hands the knight chanted a vigorous psalm.  \par
\par
Lightning suddenly flashed and struck the sword's pommel, driving the searing electricity straight into the Griffon's heart.  The Griffon coiled and uncoiled in agony.  Finally, roaring its pain at the thunder, the beast fell heavily to the ground. \par
\par
This knight was not elf, nor had he uttered a paladins spell.  What magic was this that allowed a knight to strike this griffin so deadly a blow from the skies?\par
\par
Clearing his throat, the knight before me put his sword away and said," King Pelet does get rather punchy in his morning!! Indeed.\par
\par
The king finally stood up and returned, wounded and burned, to his knights.  He was either a powerful man or very lucky. "Who are you strangers?" he asked.\par
\par
Dravon of Spur, and my escort." I replied\par
\par
"Eh? Never heard of it," grumbled the king." I am tired. Follow me to my camp."\par
\par
I could not help admiring the workmanship of the kings armor.  Tiny leaves and branches were delicately carved into the plates.  Then I realized this was no metal armor; it looked more like wood, perhaps petrified or somehow turned into metal.  In fact, all these knights wore he same style of armor, and their weapons, too were made of that odd iron. Dark green cloaks concealed the men well, except for the cloaks' delicate golden trim or the occasional glint of armor.  Their helms all bore large animal heads, and in the eerie morning mist they looked like surreal creatures of the forest.  Without waiting, the knights and their king all rode away.\par
\par
A bard alone remained. "They always do that," he said, "but don't let them intimidate you, my lord.  They enjoy playing hard to get comes with the forest.  I guess we'll have to walk, then." he said.\par
\par
On our way to the camp, our new friend told us more about our bizarre encounter.  The king was on a quest.  Forester tradition demanded that he return to the hollowed forest to meet his end should he fail his duty.  He had until next summer's forester's gathering to complete his quest.  He had to do so alone, without help from anyone, to prove his valor. This was very serious business for the foresters.  In this case, he was to slay a mother griffon, Graunax.  The one he had destroyed this morning was her daughter.  The king was still seeking Graunax's secret lair.  It soon became clear we were well within the forester's hallowed forest.  This caused  great discomfort to stoker. My first officer detested treading uninvited upon others' sacred grounds; Stoker had a great respect for things of nature, especially forest spirits.  A billowing fog rose from the ground.  It was so thick it could only be someone's uncanny magic.  Suddenly, a net fell from above.  We were captured with ease; within minutes, we and our bard friend stood before the foresters.  The foresters were angered. Bound and gagged, we were brought to the heart of the hallowed grove.  As we quickly learned, no one but a forester was allowed to enter the sacred woods.  Until late that day, a crowd of foresters debated on which god to sacrifice us to.  At last the high priestess questioned our bard friend.  Our situation greatly improved after they learned that the king had invited us to his camp after defeating the griffon.  Since we had a legitimate reason for being in this forest, they chose to set us free up to a\par
point, that is.\par
\par
Bizzy and Allon, why did it have to be them? why were they kept as hostages.  Stoker and I were set free to leave. We had until next moon to accomplish our business; only then would the hostages be released.  I had no quarrel with the high priestess of this kingdom, nor did I desire one.  Since the foresters showed only limited respect for foreign nobility, negotiation was of little help, and violence was out of the question.  At the bards insistence, we left without further arguments.  He feared for our safety, for the foresters could be cruel when offended.  Clearly our presence was offensive.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Travels of an Odarian Priest\par
Memoirs of Khatmandu Snaggletooth\par
\par
My story begins in a little fishing village on the coast of Leuia where I was born. My father, Temeso, was a fighter in his younger days before meeting my mother, Jiriva. She was a priestess of Rinanni, the healer for our village. My father's love for her was so great, he devoted himself to Rinanni and her peaceful ways. He swore to only take up his sword again in defense of peace. His khat'sara gift to her was the sword his father had given him when he left home to seek his fortune. It hung over the fireplace in our house, the pearl amulet my mother gave to him set into the pommel. \par
\par
My earliest memories are of running along the beaches with my pet wolf, Jayke. We used to race the boats as they sailed in from a day's fishing. My father's boat was always the first one to dock. His osprey would take to the air, flying to our home to let mother know he was coming home safely. I would leap onto the boat, asking my father to take me with him the next day. He would laugh, pick me up and tell me to ask my mother. He would toss Jayke a fish and tell me stories about the Leuian Heros while he cleaned his catch. I would help him carry the fish home, Jayke dashing around us trying to get another meal. \par
\par
Mother would be waiting at the door, her dove nestled on one shoulder. She would make a fuss over the fish, and over how strong I was to carry them by myself. Dinner would be just about ready when we got home. Mother would send us off to the bathing pool, she always insisted we be clean for meals. After eating, we would join the rest of the village around the fire in the center of town. The adults would hold council, settling disputes, celebrating new khat'saras and births, discussing the events of the day, and planning for the future. I would sit with the khits, learning from the clawmasters. They would teach us our heritage, telling stories about great leuians and their deeds. They would teach us the rites and rituals of our kyn. We learned the names of the gods and goddesses, the history of Leuia, and most importantly, they would teach us to know honor. Most of my friends dreamed of the day they could undergo the ritual of Kit'ra and join the councils by the fire, I dreamed of the day I could be a clawmaster. There is nothing more honorable than teaching the young, I thought. \par
\par
Times were peaceful, and I began to believe this was the way of the world. Then, during the summer of my 5th year, a band of Pirates began raiding the coast. These honorless Tarr'khats followed the nameless one. Living off the work of others, taking instead of earning. My father's eyes were drawn more and more to the sword over the mantle. I noticed the steel had taken on a keen edge and shown with a faint sheen of oil. Rumors reached us that the Pirates had been sunk in one of the storms that come up so suddenly during the summer. We would occasionally find timbers from ships washed ashore that summer, so we believed the rumors to be true.\par
\par
My mother woke me one night, tears brimming in her eyes as she bundled up some of my belongings and told me to come with her. When I came out of my room I saw that my father had taken down his sword, and was belting it to his waist. He wore a battered suit of leather armor. He spoke quietly to my mother, kissing her on the cheek before coming to kneel before me.\par
\par
 "My son, you and your mother are going with the other khits and some of the elders into the woods. I will come to get you when it is safe. Jadr spotted the Pirate's ship a few moments ago. We will not let them take our village so easily." There was a fire in his eyes as he spoke, I could feel his claws dig into my skin as he hugged me to him. I could also feel the tear as it dropped from his cheek onto my fur. \par
\par
"Be true, son, be true." My father whispered to me before rising and hugging my mother one last time. His osprey flew from his perch, and followed him into the night. My mother took my paw, wiped her eyes and slowly looked around the room, memorizing every detail. Then she called her dove and my wolf, and we headed for the trees.\par
\par
I do not remember much of that night, only that every shadow seemed to be a pirate coming for me and my mother. Nothing could ever make me forget the next day however. Our village was decimated. The only thing the Pirates had not destroyed was the docks. I ran through the ruins of the town, calling my father. My mother ran behind me, begging me to stop, she knew what I would find. He was in front of our house, or the skeleton of it at least. His osprey lay in a crumpled heap of feathers, a cruel barbed shaft piercing his proud body. My father slumped against a wall, the sword broken beside him. He was still alive, but barely. There were several dead pirates scattered around him. My mother screamed his name and knelt beside him, calling on Rinanni to save him. One of the elders came and put his arm around my shoulder. "Come, you should not see this" He started to take me away when my father shuddered, the light in him dead. My mother roared, Jayke howled, and I knew no more.\par
\par
When I awoke, I was cradled in my mother's arms. She was keening softly, rocking me back and forth. I touched her cheek, tracing the path her tears had taken. She looked diminished somehow, as if part of her died with my father. When she realized I was awake, she took me to see my father one last time. Someone had cleaned him, and dressed him in his best leathers. His osprey was also beside him, still faithful in death. He had been placed on a bier, as had the rest of the slain. There was no moon that night, I remember thinking even the heavens were paying respect to the dead of our village. The village mourned that night, telling stories honoring the dead's lives. As the sun rose the next day, we lit the biers and released the spirits of our kyn.\par
\par
My mother and I left the village the next day. We traveled deeper into the forest, my mother becoming weaker with grief each day. Each night she would hold me in her arms and cry herself to sleep. Every morning she would watch the sunrise, her eyes focused on something only she could see. She wore the amulet of Rinanni once again, her paw straying to touch it as we walked. We had been traveling for 9 days when we came upon a monestary in the woods. This was the place my mother had learned to be a priestess. We were met by 6 leuians in robes. One dressed in red, another in green, one in blue, one in white, one in black, and one in yellow. They were the priests and priestesses of the religions. The woman in the white robe smiled and hugged my mother, calling her by name. The priest in the red knew my mother too, he smiled and bowed to her. \par
\par
My mother made arrangements for me to be instructed in the ways of the gods and we were shown to a room. That night my mother cried softly, telling me to be true. When I awoke the next morning she had joined my father.\par
\par
The first few months after my mother's funeral passed by in a blur. I had been included with a group of khits around my own age and was sent to classes with them. My mind constantly wandered, I could never remember the day's lessons when questioned about them. The only lessons I took to heart were the fighting ones. I eagerly awaited the clawing lessons each day. When the clawmaster would let us practice what we had learned on the targets, I would attack mine in a frenzy. I used to imagine that I was slashing the Pirates, exacting revenge for taking everything I held dear. I wanted no other purpose in life other than to see them dead at my feet. No book could help me gain my revenge I thought. \par
\par
One day Gist, the Taathian priest, sought me out in my room. He wanted to talk to me about his God and how he could help me in my quest for revenge. It would soon be time for me to devote myself to one religion if my schooling was to continue with the monks. Gist took me to the Taathian shrine and I watched the monks there pratice fighting with various weapons. They seemed so powerful, so swift. I was sure there were no fighters equal to them in the land. I was entranced..the fights were nothing but a blur of steel and wood. I asked Gist to teach me more.\par
\par
I would spend the time I was not at my lessons with Gist, learning about his God. My teachers frowned on this, as I was considered too young for some of what I was taught. I thought I had found the path for my life, to serve Taath and in serving him, to gain my revenge on the Pirates. One night, after a particularly grueling day of claw training, I returned to my room to find Tadeyo, the Odarian priest who knew my mother, sitting on my bed scratching Jayke behind his ears. Jayke gave me a guilty look and slunk out the door. Tadeyo stood, his eyes meeting with mine. He seemed to be judging me, weighing what he saw in my eyes. After a moment or two, he shook his head slightly and sighed. "Your mother would not be pleased..your father even less so. Search your heart, Khatmandu..know your heart and be true." Before I could say anything, he was past me and out the door. I was shaken to hear the last words of my parents, and that someone who knew them would think they would be ashamed of me. \par
\par
I law awake that night, fighting the drowsiness as I tried to understand why Tadeyo thought I was a disappointment to my parents. It was not long before sleep won the battle and my dreams claimed me. There are some who say the world of dreams can sometimes pierce the veil that seperates our plane of exsistance from the planes of the gods. I cannot say for certain, all I can do is relay the dream I had that night. If it was a dream, which I sometimes wonder.\par
\par
I was lying in bed, looking out my window when two birds landed on the window ledge. My father's osprey and my mother's dove. The osprey cocked his head to one side and regarded me with an unblinking eye, I could read the displeasure there. The dove cooed once and flew to my pillow, landing beside my head. I felt the whisper touch of her feathers against the fur of my cheek. The dove's eyes looked into mine and I could hear my mother's voice in my heart.\par
\par
"So young..and so full of hate. Have you forgotten what we taught you, my son? You are not meant to hate like this." A single tear formed in the dove's eye and dropped onto the pillow.\par
\par
"The Pirates killed you and father! Am I supposed to love them for that? Am I supposed to leave you unavenged? They will pay, mother..I promise you that. I will have my vengance, by Taath!" I sat up in bed, almost spitting the words out in my anger. I could feel the rage building inside me, my paws clenched into fists and I flet my claws dig into my palms. I was shaking, the anger too much for me to control. In my mind's eye I saw my father lying against our house, the dead pirates around him.  \par
 \par
The osprey screamed then, his wings flapping in agitation. My father's voice rang in my head, the anguish in it stinging me to my core. "Little Khat..look closely at the pirates around me..look at the blades some of them carry. Not all of the Pirates followed the serpent god..some followed Taath. Tadeyo was right..I am disappointed in you. I taught you to not hate, that all life has value." The osprey turned his back to me, and the presence of my father left me. The dove seemed to be sobbing quietly on my pillow.\par
\par
I turned to my mother's dove, the shame of my father's rejection cooling the anger inside me. "What would you have me do, mother? I cannot bear to think they will not be punished. The hatred I carry is too great to let go." \par
\par
The dove turned her eyes to me and I could feel my mother hug me to her one last time. "You never cried for us, my little Khat..speak to Tadeyo and Niniba..they will help you find your way. Be True, son..Be True.." The osprey had already gone, his departure unnoticed. The dove flew up, circled my room once and was gone. \par
I threw myself back into my bed and began to cry, the grief for my parents finally finding release. \par
\par
I awoke the next morning to find Tadeyo leaning against the doorframe. He had a slightly bemused look on his face, almost as if he knew of my dream. "Good morning, I thought you might like to take a walk with me to the rock garden. I like to meditate on my troubles there. You might find it eases your mind as well." He reached down and ruffled Jayke's fur. "You are welcome to come along to, Jayke. I'm sure you'd enjoy basking in the sun." \par
\par
I dressed quickly, eager to learn what I could from Tadeyo of my parents. I felt a pang of guilt when I thought I would miss my morning lesson with Gist, in my heart I still longed for revenge. We left the khit's dormatory and headed for the opposite side of the compound to an area I had not visited before. Tadeyo's rock garden was incredible. There were numerous rocks of different sizes, shapes and colors. they were all 'planted' in sand that had been raked to form intracate patterns. To me, it appeard to be so many islands strewn about the sea, the lines in the sand the swirls of the current and the eddies of the tides. I asked Tadeyo if that was the intention, and he told me that each person sees the rocks differently. Some only see rocks in the sand. I felt sorry for those people. \par
\par
Tadeyo picked up a rake and crossed to one of the larger rocks near the center, carefully smoothing the footprints out as he went. I, being younger and smaller, decided to use the rocks as stepping stones and joined him on his rock. Jayke rolled happily in the grass, his tounge hanging out of his mouth. \par
\par
"You see, young one, even in the midst of something that at first glance appears chaotic such as this garden, when you study it fully and see it with new eyes, you learn that there is an underlieing order to all things. A harmony if you will. It took me many years, but I finally got your father to open his eyes to that." He had folded his legs underneath him and placed his hands on his knees. "No..do not question me here. Look inside yourself and ask yourself those questions."\par
\par
With that, he began to chant, the muscles in his face relaxing, his breathing getting shallow. I stared at the garden for some time, not thinking anything at all. After a while, I started to think about all the things my parents had taught me about being Leuian and what that meant. Soon, I was reflecting on what I had become over the past few months, remembering the black obsidian blades the Taathians used..seeing those same blades clutched in the hands of several of the Pirates. I saw what I was becoming, the lessons I had ignored flashing back to me. Taath, while a necessary god, was the antithesis of everything my parents had brought me up to be. He thrived on hate, and nurtured that hate in his followers. If I went down that path, all my father and mother had meant to me and to each other would be nothing. But I also knew I could never take the path of my parents, I would protect those that could not protect themselves.\par
\par
I felt Tadeyo's gaze, almost understood the question there. "Tadeyo, tell me what you know about my parents, and about Odarous." The time slipped away that day as Tadeyo talked to me about my parents. Other priests of various religions came to the garden, but most only lingered for a few moments of meditation before leaving us. Jayke used the time to chase butterflies, his jaws snapping in vain at them. For the first time since we had left our home, he was content. I kept expecting Tadeyo to preach to me about Odarous being the one, true god, as Gist had done with Taath. I was to be disappointed, he did not even speak to me about Odarous until many days later.\par
\par
As we were leaving the garden, Gist appeared. His black robes were billowing around him, his eyes flashing with anger. He did not seem to notice Tadeyo there, the storm of his anger was directed at me. Lifting me off the ground with one fist full of my robe, he spat curses at me for missing the lesson today. I clawed at him, hoping to get him to drop me. A snarl crossed his face, his anger rising. "You strike at me?!? Insolent khit, you know not what you have done!" He shook me once, then started to slap me with his free paw, berating me all the while. I was helpless, the shaking and the slapping addling my wits. I could hear Tadeyo screaming at Gist to stop, that I was too young to dedicate to a god yet. Gist threw me to the ground, my head striking a rock. Blinking the stars away, I struggled to get up. My feet seemed to ignore my commands, however. Jayke stood over me, his hackles raised and an ominous growl rumbling in his throat. \par
\par
Tadeyo and Gist were close to blows, each starting to circle the other. Tadeyo attempted to position himself between the Taathian and I, Gist extending his claws to rend flesh. Tadeyo stiffened, his tail twitching in agitation. "So be it, Gist.. Terms of the duel?" Gist smiled as Tadeyo spoke, his arms beginning to move in an intricate gesture. A pair of runic tattoos glowed on his body, then danced around his head. Tadeyo gasped in outrage, cursing Gist as a white aura surrounded my protector, his body fading from view as the aura diminished. Gist advanced on me, a smile of triumph on his face.\par
\par
"You were so close..so close to being one of us. But there are still ways you can serve." He cast another spell, this time a black vulture circliing his head as he stood over me. Jayke growled and crouched lower, preparing to spring at Gist. Gist chuckled softly, his claws darting out and finding Jayke's body, flinging him to one side. Red bolts of pain flashed across my ribs, the link I shared with my wolf causing me to feel his pain. Gist grabbed me by the scuff of my neck, dragging me in the direction of the Taathian shrine. I was helpless to resist, the blow to my head addling my wits still. We had almost reached the shrine when a grey blur launched itself at Gist's back. Jayke had come to my rescue. His jaws were locked on the hamstring of the priest, forcing a strangled cry from my captor.\par
\par
Jayke shook his head, severing the tendons in the back of Gist's leg. He crumpled to the ground, writhing in pain. Spewing curses, he beat at Jayke's head. I heard Jayke yelp and saw him stagger back, shaking his head to clear it. Gist cried out Taath's name and a black cloud formed over his head. In the wink of an eye, he was gone. Jayke whined, his worry for me coming across the link. "I'll be fine, Jayke..just a bit stunned is all..thank you my friend." The wolf came over to me and lay beside me, sharing his warmth with me until I could stand. I tended to the scratches on Jayke's side as best I could, then we headed off to our room.\par
\par
I asked if Tadeyo or Gist had been seen, but no one could tell me where they were. I spent the rest of the day in my lessons, wondering what the other service I could preform for Gist was. I wanted nothing to do with the Taathians anymore after my experiences of the day. Gist would not involve me in anything involving Taath again, I vowed. \par
\par
When the moon rose, the two priests still had not returned, and many began to wonder aloud what had happened to them. I had my suspisions about Gist, as the Taathians all cast baleful looks my way. I thought I was too troubled to sleep that night, but I drifted off to sleep. Something woke me, a muffled sound penetrating into my dreams and rousing me. I could not see anyone, but I could feel presences in my room. I was about to cry out when a paw clamped over my mouth, strong arms pressing me into my bed. Jayke whined, his fear flooding back to me. Something had grabbed him, entrapping his body in a net of blackness. I fought to free myself, to come to the aide of my wolf. A voice came from the darkness, whispering into my ear. "This is all your fault..you should not have turned from us..."\par
\par
I was wrapped in the bedsheets and slung over someone's shoulder. After a short journey, I was dumped to the ground. It was hard to concentrate, Jayke's emotions overpowering my thoughts. I could feel his heart racing, mine beating faster as well. When I could see again, I was laying on a black marble floor at the foot of a dark altar. Gist was standing behind it, chanting words that seemed to squirm in the air before me. Something was draped over the altar. Gist picked up a serrated knife, brandishing it above his head as his chant intensified. I quested for Jayke, feeling his terror..but he was not terrified for himself, he feared for me. I tried to calm him..to let him know that everything was alright when the figure on the altar moved.  It was Jayke.\par
\par
He turned his golden eyes on me and sent a wave of love over our link at me. He howled, and I heard "Be true" in my head. I started to roar then, watching helplessly as the blade plunged down, ending the life of my last and best friend. I screamed at Gist, struggling to break free of the grip that held me and to kill Gist.\par
\par
"That takes care of your cursed mutt..once the altar is ready again you will join him." Gist hobbled around the altar to loom over me. The leg Jayke had savaged was bound and splinted, but it was obvious he would never walk right again. I hoped Jayke knew that he had crippled his killer. He motioned for a priest to take the body of Jayke from the altar, another stepping forward to cleanse the blood away.\par
\par
Gist was in the midst of lighting another stick of foul-smelling incense when the doors burst on their hinges, showering everyone with splinters. Several of the priests yelped in pain as the splinters bit into flesh. Through the door came Tadeyo and the priestess of Rinanni who knew my mother, Niniba. There were several other leuians with them, all with bastard swords forged from tiger-eyes or pearls.\par
\par
Tadeyo was unarmed, his white fur shining. "I have come to claim the rite of Klaaw'vor, Gist. You dishonor our race with the actions you have taken this day." Tadeyo fixed each of the dark-robed priests with his gaze, the leuians at his back ready for battle. Niniba stood to one side, leaning on an ash staff carved with the symbol of Rinanni. "I have no wish to involve anyone other than your high priest, kyn..any who wish to leave may go now. On my honor, no harm will come to those that do. If you remain, my friends and I must believe you support this vile, flea-infested furred go-blin, for he cannot be called a leuian after today." In response, the Taathians all drew the obsidian blades they wore. \par
\par
Tadeyo nodded once. "We dance then, kyn. I bow to your courage and your honor." He bowed to the Taathians once, and they returned the bow. Chaos erupted then, blades and runes flashing as the two sides crashed together. Shouted insults and challenges rang in the chamber. Cries of pain and anger filled the air as well. Gist cast weave after weave into the crowd, sometimes calling on Taath to strike one of Tadeyo's group. Niniba stood at the rear, the Taathians ignoring her as she called to Rinanni to restore those who fell on her side. Tadeyo moved like liquid fire, his paws and feet swatting away blades and dealing out blows in a blur of motion.\par
\par
The battle was a dance, I saw. Especially the way Tadeyo fought. He spun and leaped, striking his opponents in the joints of their armour or at exposed areas. Gist was cursing his priests, urging them to kill the Odarian fury fighting through the press of bodies toward him.  Niniba was pulling the fallen to the side now, her favors exhausted. She ignored none, Taathians were still kyn. Gist muttered something about protections and cursed Rinanni.\par
\par
Tadeyo pulled the helm from the head of the last Taathian between him and Gist and tossed it to the floor. Slapping the man's scimitar to the floor, he grasped the leuian's head and slammed his forehead to him. A sickening crunch echoed in the chamber, the priest crumpling bonelessly to the floor. Gist called on Taath again, beseeching his God to smite Tadeyo. A flash of darkness surrounded the Odarian, when it cleared, he was on one knee, but still alive.\par
\par
"You will not be rid of me that easy, Gist. You are not the only one who has the protection of his god." Tadeyo stood, whispering the name of Odarous. A glowing golden eagle formed over his head, the wounds he had taken closing shut. "This ends NOW!" The scattered fighting ceased at Tadeyo's commanding shout. Several Leuians on both sides crumpled to the ground in exhaustion.\par
\par
"Gist, will you redeem yourself by accepting my challenge of Klaaw'vor? Or have you sunk so low that you have no honor left?" Tadeyo flung his words like a gauntlet, Gist wincing visably at them.\par
\par
I felt a cool paw touch my shoulder, and saw Niniba kneeling over me. "It will be alright, Khatmandu..fear not."\par
\par
Gist bowed his head, considering his plight. The clerics still alive and conscious moved among the fallen, dressing wounds and offering what comfort they could...but no one took their eyes off the pair on the dias. "Very well, Tadeyo, I accept your challenge. My sword against your claws, to the death. Agreed?"\par
\par
Tadeyo nodded once, a grim look on his face. He looked over to me and bowed his head slightly. "This ends with your death or mine, Gist. The boy goes free and none seek revenge for what has happened tonight. Understood?" I knew he asked if I understood, not Gist. Gist agreed and I nodded to Tadeyo.\par
\par
Gist's blade was unlike the other Taathian's, his was jagged, the darkness of the blade seeming to linger in the air when he swung it. I had never seen the dark priest fight before, but his skill with his weapon was evident. He swung the heavy blade easily, it was an extension of his body as he moved. The wound in his calf hampered him some what, but Tadeyo seemed reluctant to take advantage of that. They came together, exchanging blows faster than the eye could follow. when they separated, each had slashes and cuts on his body. Tadeyo seemed to be tiring quicker than Gist, the exertion of his claws draining him quicker than the black blade drained Gist.\par
\par
They crashed together again, niether one giving ground. Whereas the larger battle was filled with shouts and cries, the only sound of this battle was the scrape of foot on stone, the whistle of the blade through the air, the quick gasp as claw or sword found flesh. Each was bleeding from half a dozen wounds or more, Gist with one great slash across his chest, one of Tadeyo's arms flayed to the bone. Gist pressed his attack at Tadeyo's injured side, the Odarian struggling to defend himself. A misstep gave Gist an opening and his blade bit deep into Tadeyo's side. A grin of victory spread over Gist's face, the sight of his foe staggering back giving him renewed energy it seemed. The blows from his sword rained down on Tadeyo with a new fury. Tadeyo was able to keep Gist at bay, but each blow warded sapped him of his rapidly diminishing energy. Gist roared and raised his blade over his head, preparing to cleave his exhausted opponent with one mighty blow. As the blade descended, Tadeyo dropped to the ground and lashed out at Gist's exposed abdomen with his claws. The blade smashed into Tadeyo's shoulder, lodging itself in the bone there. Tadeyo's claws ripped through the black leather, disemboweling the Taathian. Gist stumbled to one side, his nerveless fingers releasing his sword and clutching his stomach. He groaned once, and collapsed to the floor, dead.\par
\par
Tadeyo wobbled to his feet, his blood drenching his white fur. Niniba hurried to him and offered her shoulder in support. "It is finished..honor is satisfied, kyn." With that, he lapsed into unconsciousness.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Welmar\par
By Guztymne Horawytz\par
\par
The sky was purple the night that Welmar died.  Rather, he was killed by assassins.  I was at the window sill when it happened, and who could forget the gory scene?  The assassins did not notice me because I did not make a sound as I leapt onto the ground below.  From the second storey, it was quite a feat.  Fortunately, I was not hurt, and rushed off to find some source of help.\par
\par
In the merchant's circle, people were walking to and fro, in haste and with greed in their eyes.  I avoided their stramping on me, and quickly fled to a lonely corner.  I glanced back at the busy street and sighed.  Did no one see my worry?  Could no one read my mind from the silence, from the fear in my eyes?  Was my trauma not apparent in my skin?  Softly, but discontented, I wandered to the Apothecary's guild, where guilded scholars were learned in the different arts of apothecary.\par
\par
Contrary to Alchemists, members of the Apothecary guild were learned in the arts of the written word.  Welmar was once a member of the guild, but changed his profession into something simpler.  He opened a blacksmith shop and led a quiet peaceful life, antithesis to his loud public figure in the past.  Always, I was there with him.  Perhaps, it was because he saved my life that gave me such loyalty to him.\par
\par
In the dark of a cold winter night, I was left crying in the middle of the street, Welmar would tell me.  He had found me that night while he was inscribing scrolls for the governor then.  My cry pierced the still of the night, and Welmar could do nothing until he came out of his splendid house and saw me naked, left by my mother to be torn by wild beasts in the middle of the night.  As he approached me, he saw a Yelican in the shadows, about to leap at me, about to paw me under its tremendous weight.  Welmar chanted some quick magickal words and runes appeared, causing a foul fog to encompass the Yelican.  Shrieking, the Yelican fled back into the darkness of the forest.  Welmar picked me up in his strong arms and from then, I was his constant companion.  Women of his life came and left, but I was always there since he took me under his wing.  When I was younger, he would sing lullabys for me.  Stroking my fur, he would close his eyes and sing tunes of ancient lores and bardic melodies.  It was like paradise.\par
\par
When he moved out of his mansion to be a blacksmith, as he had always wanted to be, he brought me with him to a little hut by the river's edge.  He decorated the house and painted it all like he wanted to- in shades of purple and violet.  That was his color, and the governor of Spur had only allowed black and white houses- this was what he wanted to do, and at last, he was free.  There, we had our quiet subsistence by ourselves.  His constant monologue and my consistent attention were all we needed.  Caviar were never part of our meals, but we never starved- he always found fresh meat for me, and took care of me just as well as when he was richer.\par
\par
A stomp on the ground.  I looked up, and saw a young man looking straight at me.  I purred, and he picked me up.  I tried to tell him about Welmar, but he was ignorant of my language.  He cuddled me and walked out of the guild with me in his arms.  An image clouded my vision, and I was not sure what was going on.  It was Welmar, lying in the pool of his blood, a narrow stream flowing from his body to his shelf of books.  It was Welmar, with his mouth torn by the vicious assassins, his breath cuddled with blood as he coughed his essence of life.  It was Welmar, the only one who cared.\par
\par
The smell of incense permeated the air.  I blinked and the apparation of Welmar was gone from in front of my eyes.  I looked up, and realized that the young man was gone.  In his place was a black-cloaked figure, holding me in his gloved hands.  He laid me on a cold obsidian table.  This looked familar.  The black candles and incense- the drops of blood- skulls laying carelessly around the floor.  Welmar had sung about the altar sacrifice- Oh God!\par
\par
I sprang to my feet, and hissed at the figure.  I extended my claws and stood on my toes, prepared to fight for my life.  The figure just stood there, motionless.  A soft chanting was the last things that I heard before a bright light burst into me and I feel, asleep.\par
\par
The next few minutes, or hours were unclear to me.  It was like a dream, but I was immobilized.  Somehow, in my sleep, I could see the world outside of my head.  The figure was there, and he held above my body a blunt knife.  Before he could mash my ribs with the knife, something vague happened.  It was not clear, but was like a purple fog- a soft violet miasma covered the entire altar.  The figure was circled by this thick transculent magenta-purple fog.\par
\par
I opened my eyes.  I remember the purple fog.  Welmar.\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Killing List -- Arrival\par
By:  Soulstar Sunflare\par
\par
It's been twenty years, the shadowy figure thought to himself as he glared down at the sleepless city from atop a far hill, twenty years and so much has changed.\par
\par
Once, long ago, he could have made a grand entrance into the city.  Very few would have opposed him.  And of all those that would try, none would have lived to tell about it.  But now, only twenty years since his departure, his very race could mean death for him.\par
\par
The man turned quickly at the rustling of grass behind him, his sword half drawn.  There behind him was a rat wandered through the brush, chittering quietly.  The man snorted and drew the Max Rehas Unbreakable Black-Diamond Bastard-Sword completely out of its scabbard.  In one swipe, he lobbed the rats head off and sheathed the sword.\par
\par
Turning back to study the city, he noticed a torch coming toward him.  The man growled quietly, drew a throwing dagger, and slipped into the shadows.  He watched the light as it continued to move closer and the figure carrying it became visible.  A pathetic human street urchin rounded a bush and walked by where the man was hidden.  He was hardly worth a dagger and the man let the urchin pass by.  Then he got up and slunk along the road toward the city gates.\par
\par
He stopped a little over fifteen feet from the gates and took cover behind a rather large conifer tree.  He reached into the back pack he had been carrying and pulled out various odd contents that only a thief would be likely to recognize easily.\par
\par
A San Elf fighter should work well , he thought as he gazed into a hand held mirror and applied a darkening agent to his face and hands.\par
\par
When he was satisfied that his skin was dark enough to pass as a San Elf, he pulled out another content from his pack and began dying his silver-white hair to a raven black.  The dye he used dried quickly and left him more then enough time to change his clothing from an authentic Black-Silk Three-Piece Rehas Suit to a garb more appropriate to that of a fighter.  He pondered for a moment whether or not to wear his Gold-Embroidered Black-Silk Rehas Cloak, but quickly decided against it.  Instead he dawned the heaviest thing in his pack, a Max Rehas Black-Diamond Chainmail.\par
\par
Equipped as he was, and his disguise firmly set, the man turned to change the final item of his disguise.  His ID badge.  He glanced down at the thin metallic pin that was still fastened to the vest of his suit and smiled.  His real name was engraved in that pin, even though it could not be read in the virtually nonexistent light from the sliver of moon that hung just above the horizon.  As much as he loved that name, he dared not wear it for any of his missions.  Instead he pulled another pin out from the pocket of the leggings he now wore.  He tipped it to face the pale moonlight so he could be sure of what was inscribed into it.  On it was the name he used for ever one of his missions.  The name that he had never failed a job with.  Chade Daggerfall.\par
\par
The man quickly fastened the pin on the left side of his tunic, just above his heart, and took on the identity it gave him.  Chade repacked his backpack and shouldered it.  Then he stood up and strolled over to the gate.  He glanced up at the two guards as he passed under the open arch, but they paid him no mind.\par
\par
Probably too busy playing with their dice, he thought with a snicker as he entered the outskirts of the city.\par
\par
The silence that persisted outside the city walls did not within them.  Just a few meters in from the gate, Chade was assaulted from all sides by various sounds.  There was a constant hum from the north, of which he knew was issued from the town square.  To his left he heard the death scream of a rogue.  Vaguely interested, he glanced toward the now fading scream to see a Thugian tear off the arm of its victim and gnaw on it.\par
\par
Chade snorted in disgust at that.  Though starving Thugians made great torture tools, the very sight of one eating its own kill was not a welcome one to him.  He continued on up the road without looking back as he heard another death scream from where the Thugian hunted.\par
\par
He passed through another, smaller, gate and came upon a rather large inn.  He didn't need to look at the sign outside the inn, he knew it was the Guilded Lion Inn.  He had fond memories of this place.  It was where he and his long dead wife had stayed while on their honeymoon.\par
\par
Chade sighed at the memory of his wife and tried not to remember how she had died.  Unfortunately, it was not a scene he could ever forget, for his dreams always brought it back to him.  She had been killed by a group of Frontacian runemages in this very Inn.  Her head removed before his eyes and placed on a pike in TSC for all the city to see.  How he had escaped the same fate he never knew.  He had blacked out when his wife was decapitated.\par
\par
Chade's mind had been so preoccupied with that memory that he did not notice the Secian that flew in and hugged him until it was already flying into the waterfall room.  Wondering if the waterfall was still there, he looked toward the Secian and saw, to his surprise, many more fluttering about.  Though he never got along well with Secians, he was amazed to see so many gathered together in one place.\par
\par
Perhaps a meeting, he thought as he shook the notion of asking them from his mind.\par
\par
Chade searched for the inn keeper and found him behind the front desk.  He rented a room for the next few days and left.  He traveled north until he reached another gate.  He stood there for a moment, listening to the ruckus from farther north.  He glanced up at the sky and knew the sun would be rising soon.  He'd have to be back at the Inn before then, but first, he wanted to go to check out Town Square.\par
\par
Chade passed through the gate and within moments was standing at the edge of Town Square.  Almost everyone in TS was gathered in the very center and chatting about virtually anything one could imagine.  Most however seemed to be listening to, and singing along with, a bardic Hithual.\par
\par
Chade slipped into the crowd and proceeded toward its center.  There he not only got a better view of the Hithual, but also saw the group of bards that surrounded him.  There were a couple of Drag-als playing flutes, an Anthain with a harp, a Secian who sang along with the Hithual (but was drowned out by him as well), and a Human who beat rhythmically on a set bongo drums.  The tune they played was a very merry one.\par
\par
Merriment not being one of his favorite things, Chade soon became bored with the crowd. He was about to return to the Inn when a large group of Secians swept passed him and landed by the one who was already singing.  Their voices quickly joined in the song.  Chade stopped one Secian as she flew by his head and gave her a ruby.  The little one stopped for a moment to pocket the gem and Chade took that chance to ask her why everyone was so happy.\par
\par
She giggled at him and said, "Because it is the Vernal Equinox.  Why else."\par
\par
First day of spring, he thought as the Secian hugged him and flew away to join her friends, figures.\par
\par
Chade turned from the crowd and walked back to the Guilded Lion Inn.  He went up to his room and dropped his pack at the end of the bed, then closed the curtains on all the windows.  He sighed in relief and took his disguise off.  When he finally finished with that, he opened his pack and rummaged through it.  He pulled out a list of names and scanned over it.\par
\par
Chade put the list away a few minutes later and laid down on the bed.  Even as sleep drew near he thought of what he was going to do.  Tomorrow he would have to find the first person on that list.  Tomorrow that one would die as few others have in a very long time.  Permanently.\par
\par
(To be continued\'85)\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Untitled\par
By Anonymous\par
\par
Suddenly before my eyes\par
All that was familiar dies\par
Letting out my woeful sighs\par
As stardrops fill the evening skies\par
\par
One by one, away they go\par
Vanishing like melted snow\par
Blind with love, they never know\par
The searing pain I will not show\par
\par
Shadows bright, the world looks gray\par
I'm but a lump of molded clay\par
Questioning myself each day;\par
Should I go or should I stay?\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
The First Real Hunt\par
Alihtimasad Asad\par
\par
My name is Alihtimasad Asad, Hithual Sword Cleric of Unknown, the younger brother of Asad the Hithual. My background is something that I wish to avoid discussing for now, as there are too many painful memories and many things still unknown to me.\par
\par
I came to Spur a short while back. I was in awe as to the city\rquote s layout and the wide variety of inhabitants. As a matter of fact, although I don\rquote t like to admit it, I was quite bewildered. I\rquote m accustomed to standing on my own, so the strange new place was a bit of a shock to my mind. So many races, so much diversity. Where should I begin? The sudden realization that I was not quite so independent perturbed me greatly. I now needed help from anyone who would be kind enough to provide it.\par
\par
By good fortune, a more senior Hithual, seeing my confused state, took compassion on me and offered a guiding hand. His name is Rev, Sword Cleric of Odarous. He was very kind to me from the first moment we met, and seemed to take a liking to me quickly.\par
\par
Maybe a day after our first meeting, Rev asked me if I\rquote d like to come on a hunt. Now, I had hunted rogues before in the Training Grounds and a little in Spur\rquote s Rogue Fields. Got a little skill from it, a little coin and food and water. I still couldn\rquote t hit them too often, but their blows did not affect me too much, so I hunted without too much risk. This proposed hunt sounded like something more serious. I inquired where the hunt would be and what we\rquote d be hunting. Rev chuckled and said \ldblquote that lad, will be left as a surprise\rdblquote . So, trusting in my new friend I agreed.\par
\par
Clad only in heavy leather mail and leather helmet, practically without coin, and armed with a used battle axe stripped from a rogue, I followed along. Rev introduced me to Rivet the Hithual. We went to a place nearby, and a search began, looking for a hidden door. This was quite new to me, but I helped. Much to everyone\rquote s surprise, I detected the trap door and we all entered, following Rev. After a bridge, I looked around and found myself in the sewers. \par
\par
This brought back some bad memories for me. I had ventured forth into the sewers of the Training Grounds on numerous occasions. All I could remember was leeches and slimes and slugs and rats, and the occasional rogue. The sting from the rat\rquote s bites and the burn from the slime\rquote s acid was still fresh in my memory. My Leather Mail had been pierced too many times by the sharp teeth of the rats, sometimes attacking 5 at once, and often times almost killing me. Aye, the bitter memory was fresh. I found myself in yet another sewer and remembering my miserable experiences wondered what was to become of me.\par
\par
We seemed to travel for a long time, winding this way and that. The directions were a blur to me, and I knew, that if I were to get lost, there would be little hope for me. Dazed by all the newness, I gripped my battle axe tightly, not knowing what to expect, nor when to expect it. We came to a dead end, I saw no path at all, but Rev being more experienced took us through a chink in the rock. Behold, we have entered the Go-blin Warrens. Now the confusion increased many times. I believe I\rquote d seen a beggar or two of that race, but never met one as friend or foe. I had a feeling in my gut that I was in for some surprises.\par
\par
I gripped the battle axe even more tightly. This new area is dark and dank, with a stench, the likes of which I never imagined. Something feels quite strange about this place. I feel the presence of many, but see only our group. We move along and that feeling becomes more intense. I begin to see tiny eyes peering out from the darkness. I don\rquote t know whether or not to fear, but the tendency is there to be frightened of that not yet experienced. My hand is almost one with the handle of my weapon, I\rquote m gripping so tightly. I secure my shield to my left arm, and check the leather mail and helm. I\rquote ve forgotten to wear these things on occasion and have paid dearly with severe pain. I\rquote m not going to relive that again.\par
\par
Being so new to Spur, I\rquote ve not yet been able to obtain the herbs for increasing my strength and stamina, so I\rquote m still quite weak and very inexperienced. Now I hope that I\rquote ll not be punished for my weakness and killed by those who hide in the darkness. I begin to sweat a little, feeling that dozens of pairs of eyes are watching. I\rquote ve battled two or three rogues at a time, in the past, but something tells me that this will be a long remembered experience. The tension is unbelievable as we look around and wait for the inevitable. \par
\par
All of the sudden, out of the darkness, leap five go-blins, armed with battle axes and sneering at us with their sour little faces. They leaped so fast and hit so hard, that I was instantly knocked down. Taking large damage, lying dazed on the ground, hurt and confused, I feel the touch of Rev upon my chest, healing all of my wounds. His voice says \ldblquote stand lad, and fight hard\rdblquote . I jump to my feet and swing my battle axe at the first go-blin I see. Ahhh, what a feeling, when my weapon connected with his spine and sent a shock up my arm. He had already been hit twice before, and my hit sent him to his death. Rev beams at me and says \ldblquote good work, keep it up!\rdblquote .\par
\par
I look around--five more pairs of beady little eyes, staring at me. I see two of these creatures advance towards me. This time, without hesitation, I attack. Again, my battle axe makes connection. Oh my, what little training I\rquote ve had has paid off. My skill in sharp weaponry is not much more than it was in the Training Grounds, yet I feel that I\rquote ve been given the strength to fight by Unknown. The faith my brethren have in me to bring me along, has given me so much encouragement.\par
\par
The battle becomes furious. I swing my weapon over and over again, becoming exhausted. A red eagle appears over Rev\rquote s head and I feel renewed vigor flow through my body. The axe seems to swing now, as if it has it\rquote s own separate life. I look at my right hand clasping the battle axe and ponder for a moment. I cannot believe that I\rquote m actually hitting these go-blins three or four out of ten swings. The success gives me more strength of mind and I continue to battle on.\par
\par
By now, five have gone to their death, but five more have appeared in their places. What is going on here? Where are they all coming from. The place is small, yet they fill the area. Rev begins to strip the first dead one. The go-blin had on his body a rapier and a battle axe. I am amazed to see two weapons on one creature. Rev calls out \ldblquote Grab the weapons!\rdblquote  I reach out and grab the battle axe, but before I can get to the rapier, a spirit comes from the dead go-blin and grabs it up. The view of this stuns me for a moment, but I\rquote m soon brought back to my senses by the slash of a battle axe to my chest. Oh no! I remember theses spirits from that nasty place in the Training Grounds. That place with the damned shades. How I despise them. I can still remember the sting of the claws of shades and spirits piercing through my mail as if it were no more than a scroll. With that feeling in mind, I begin to sweat more. This one is a cold sweat. I don\rquote t know what to expect next. \par
\par
While I\rquote m remembering my miseries, the spirit claws my head, sending me to my knees. A go-blin takes advantage of the opportunity and sneaks in a good blow with his battle axe. This one sends me down flat on the ground. Stunned and half dead, I see Rev kneel and touch my chest. The force of Odarous heals my mangled body. I leap to my feet and begin to swing at the twisted fellow that sent me to the ground. Rivet instinctively jumps in front of Rev and defends him, while Rev renews his energy. I\rquote ve watched Rivet quietly fighting, but now realize that he sees all that\rquote s going on.\par
\par
Rev swings his sword at the spirit, sending it to the ground. He connects with one swing after the other and the spirit meets it\rquote s end. He strips the spirit and opens the coffer and calls out \ldblquote Get the coins!\rdblquote . I grab for the coins and continue the battle. Rivet continues to battle, intent on the death of all enemies in his path.\par
\par
Rev begins to strip the dead go-blins, one by one. Rivet and I grab for the weapons. I look around and see four spirits now and five go-blins and numerous corpses. Rev begins to take on the spirits single-handedly, while Rivet and I concentrate on the go-blins. They go down, again and again, but it seems as if for each one downed, two more appear. My head reals in astonishment. The battle ensues and I continue to swing my weapon as if by instinct.\par
\par
Swing, by swing, blow by blow, go-blin after go-blin takes damage and goes to meet death. I\rquote m again becoming utterly exhausted with the swinging of my axe. Again, an aura of vigor comes upon me and Rev glances at me and laughs. I\rquote m still so new, I\rquote ve not seen the laying of hands before this night. But, as I fall to the ground again, I feel the hands of my new found mentor upon my chest and hear \ldblquote Stand boy, stand!\rdblquote . I rise up and strengthen my weakened grip upon the handle of my axe and notice that blood now comes from between my fingers from holding the weapon so tightly. My arm feels tired, but my heart carries me onward. The spirit of the battle pushes me to fight on.\par
\par
Now there are ten go-blins attacking, five spirits, corpses lying all around, some beginning to turn to dust. I look around and see a pile of weapons and cloaks from the go-blins. Rivet and I begin to grab at the weapons while trying to keep up what seems to be a futile pace with the fighting. The battle rages on and on and on, with no end in sight. My imagination is staggered by the volume of death here before my eyes. \par
\par
Occasionally Rivet sneers and slaps a go-blin, taunting him. The jovial mood in the midst of a raging battle is nothing I\rquote ve seen before. I\rquote m in a virtual panic, just trying to stay alive, and too shocked with all the action to even feel fright, and he\rquote s teasing them. The sight of this brings a grin to my tightened face and I begin to laugh. \par
\par
With a laugh on my lips, I feel a blow upon my leg which drives me to my knees. Another blow cuts right through my mail leaving a gash on my chest. The laugh ceases as I take on heavy damage. A claw and another axe blow to the head sends me down. Bleeding profusely and close to death, I call out to Rev. This time he\rquote s in the middle of a swing, so I call out to Unknown, nothing happens. I call out again, and a third time. The fog appears over my head and the power that has been sapped from me due to the wounds is revived. By this time Rev has healed my wounds totally and, it\rquote s back to the battle for me. No one has to remind me to stand now. \par
\par
Rev fights on like an inspired one. Odarous must have entered his body for I\rquote ve never imagined that one person could battle spirit after spirit, sometimes five at once, heal the wounded, strip the corpses, open the treasures and command us like a great general. \par
\par
The battle has raged on for two Spurian hours with no sign of ending. Go-blin after go-blin, spirit after spirit, one goes down and another appears, the spirits rising up from the corpses. The go-blins shriek in a deafening manner and more of their kind come to their aid. Some flee in fear for their waning lives while others rush in to attack us.\par
\par
By now, I\rquote m becoming laden with weapons and gold. So much gold, I\rquote ve never seen at one time. The cache of weapons could supply a small army. In my newly formed enthusiasm, I decide to attack a spirit. What a mistake that is, for instead of hitting him, I simply got his attention and he and another came at me. \lquote Twas bad enough to be hit by the go-blins, but the claws of the spirits were quite unwelcome. A claw to the head brings blood to my right eye, obscuring my vision. From my blinded side, the other spirit comes and claws me in the chest, ripping open my mail and my chest along with it. I remember being told earlier to sit if I\rquote m injured, so I do just that. Rev reaches out to heal me, but this time nothing happens. Uncertainty enters my mind. Should I fear now, am I beyond healing? I check and see that I\rquote m severely injured. Again the touch of a hand, and again nothing happens. A third attempt heals me almost totally. By the gods, I am relieved.\par
\par
My strength has not returned to full. I look at Rev and see that he\rquote s haggard now. What is this? He has exchanged his fatigue for my health, what a selfless act. I\rquote ve not yet stood, and Rivet jumps in front of me, taking on the attackers. He yells to me \ldblquote Give vigor to Rev!\rdblquote . Now I remember my position as Cleric of Unknown. With my brethren defending me, I unarm myself and concentrate hard to recall the proper incantation. The runes begin to circle above my head and then rush towards Rev. Rivet calls out, \ldblquote Again! Again!.\rdblquote  I caste again successfully. Rev has not missed a beat, fighting furiously even while close to exhaustion. His trust for his kin is an example for me to learn. Rivet says to me \ldblquote Now, vig yourself!\rdblquote  I do so, and feel the fatigue relieved. I look now at Rev and he\rquote s in perfect health. He beams to me and I feel such delight that for once, I\rquote ve been of some actual use.\par
\par
I think to myself \ldblquote Why not vigor Rivet also?\rdblquote  So I caste at him and another upon myself. He grins at me and nods in thanks, then chuckles. Now I feel as if I\rquote m part of a team, and not simply a liability. I grab my battle axe and jump to my feet, swinging it with a new confidence. My kin look at each other and smile and then look upon me beaming with delight. I feel accepted now, a feeling that is new in my life. And this feeling gives me the hope, that in Spur I may find a future. \par
\par
I look at the spirit that sent me to the ground. He will not live long enough to regret it. I swing harder than ever before and connect with the spirit. The feeling of joy as I send him crashing to the floor. Rev strikes the death blow. I attack the next go-blin and notice Rivet attack him too. I strike once, Rivet strikes the next blow, I strike again, Rivet again, and the go-blin shrieks his last. We move on to the next one. With the sychronized attack, they fall dead at our feet one by one, two by two. The gore is too much to describe, death and mutilation all around us, rivers of blood. Yet in the midst of all this mayhem, a new fighter takes birth. Finally, I\rquote ve found my home amongst kin.\par
\par
Our harnesses and sacks are quite full of weapons and each of us is carrying much coin. My eyes get large when I see how much gold I\rquote m carrying. At this point, every move fatigues us. Rev tells us \ldblquote Time to go, gather all you can and follow up!\rdblquote  Back to the sewers we go. Winding our way through the seeming maze of sewer, we come back to the bridge. \par
\par
Rev then takes us to the trader shop where we begin to sell and sell and sell, for what seems to be quite a long time. At the end of the selling, we are all grinning and beaming with delight. A bit of dancing in celebration of the successful hunt follows. We follow Rev to the bank in Market Circle. Rev says \ldblquote Now we teach Ali how to split the loot from the hunt! Hand all of your coins to him!\rdblquote  Rev and Rivet begin to whisper back and forth. They smile, glance at me and nod to each other. Then, they hand me the gold and silver and I feel honored that they trust me. As I\rquote m preparing to divide things, I see Rev disband the group and the moods of both Rev and Rivet become mischievous. I ask everyone to follow, so I can give them their share of coins. They look at me and laugh, snickering away. I make my request again. They shake their heads no at me. What is this? What are they doing? Is this a joke? I say \ldblquote How do you expect me to divide the plunder if you won\rquote t follow?\rdblquote  Both Rev and Rivet shake their heads again and say in unison \ldblquote This hunt was for you dear kin. Welcome to Spur!\rdblquote\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
A Flickering of the Light\par
by Kyrinne Woodmist\par
\par
\par
The night wind howled like a banshee as it raced and whirled through the deserted streets of Spur. Floating upon the bitter wind were wails and blood-curdling screams, the dreaded dirge of yet another battle in town square.  Beneath the arch, a heartless Drag-al named Tony pushed and shoved a secian as if he were nothing more than a worthless toy.  He grabbed him roughly by the collar of his wool shirt and dragged him through the dirt in the direction of Executioner\rquote s square.  He dealt Kento a cruel blow with his golden sword and sneered as he pushed him into the filthy pit where the bodies of Spur\rquote s worst criminals are slowly reduced to slime and sludge.  Terrible cries filled the air as Kento screamed for help, his senses reeling from the stench of putrefying flesh and the pain of the ragged slash across his forehead.  He could hear the Drag-al laughing as he left, obviously lost in the sick afterglow of his perverse sport.  Kento struggled to stand amid the slippery gore and braved the darkness of the pit with his tiny wings.  Up into the skies he flew.  Up where the air was clean and fresh.  Up where he could breathe once more.  \par
\par
Kento healed his wounds and returned to town square only to find the very same callous Drag-al eager to repeat his wretched game.  Once again Kento was pushed to the ground while the Drag-al and Incense, a Leuian, laughed wickedly, their empty black eyes fitting companions to their barren souls.  Over and over, they continued their loathsome game until finally Kento and Kyrinne could bear no more.  Kyrinne tried to comfort Kento, took a deep breath, and pointed to the giant sign.\par
\par
\ldblquote Please stop pushing,\rdblquote  she pleaded, her voice taut with apprehension and fear.  The two bullies only laughed at her; their faces flush with the obscene pleasure of harassing the defenseless. \par
\par
\ldblquote I am tired of your mouth,\rdblquote  the Leuian hissed at Kyrinne.  He had been angry with her ever since they had quarreled over the senseless death of Raptoriann, a secian he had killed in town square for no apparent reason.  After his murder more deaths had followed.  Benni, Cappy, Laeytrob, and many, many others fell beneath the smite and storm spells he cast with such reckless abandon.\par
\par
He spat and howled at her, his maniacal voice ringing through town square like the ranting and raving of a madman.  The Drag-al snickered quietly in the background as he nodded to his companion and rubbed his hands together as if trying to warm them or rub something off.  The Leuian poked Kyrinne in the ribs and pushed her down, grinning at her with a mouth that resembled a steel trap designed to snap the limbs off rabbits.  She shuddered and cautiously stepped away from him, her breathing rapid and shallow from the fear that gripped her.\par
\par
\ldblquote I am tired of your pushing,\rdblquote  she cried as she stood up; her heart racing so fast she could barely breathe.  She understood her words could very well mean her death, but what could she do?  She was so incredibly tired of running and hiding in the shadows while Spur\rquote s bullies roamed the streets free to kill with no fear of repercussion.  Like so many others, she was weary of watching secians being harassed simply because they refuse to respond with anything other than words.  Voices on the wind sometimes carried memories and speculation about secians defending themselves-defending themselves like in the days long before they bonded with dragons.  She tried hard to push away her anger just as she knew Kento was struggling to restrain himself from saying what he was thinking too.  They took silent comfort in each other\rquote s presence and waited.\par
\par
Incense laughed, grinned wickedly and pushed Kyrinne again.  The Drag-al laughed, snickered at Kento, and abruptly pushed him to the ground too.\par
\par
\ldblquote What will you do?  Sic your dragons on me?\rdblquote  the Leuian asked Kyrinne, his eyes betraying the sickness that fouled his mind.  He snickered and batted his eyes at her as she shivered in revulsion.  She watched helplessly as the Drag-al grabbed Kento by the hair and dragged him out of view.  She sighed heavily, tears welling in her eyes.  She wished there was a spell to cure a blackened heart.  Demeralda found something special in Incense to love, but sadly Kyrinne could find nothing there to love at all-only a black hole where his heart should have been.  All she could see was a vicious murderer who had no respect for life, not even the lives of those who loved him.\par
\par
\ldblquote I have no animosity towards you.  I just want you to stop pushing.\rdblquote  she explained, hoping to prevent the inevitable violence that seems to be his only course of action.\par
\par
\ldblquote You lie,\rdblquote  he spat.\par
\par
\ldblquote I do not lie,\rdblquote  she said, shocked that he would even suggest such a thing.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re a wicked feral, a bad secian,\rdblquote  he accused falsely.  He pointed straight at her and howled, his breath foul from the stale blood of his many victims.  Kento, who had just returned from the infamous pit, was tempted to laugh at the ridiculousness of his statement, but thought better of it when he saw the evil glint in Incense's eye.\par
\par
\ldblquote No\rdblquote  she said firmly, her temper beginning to rise.  \ldblquote You lie,\rdblquote  she added before she could stop herself.  The very second the words passed over her lips she knew she had erred.  But even as he cast his first spell she knew she would not have done differently.  There comes a time in everyone\rquote s life when they must take a stand and she understood that this was such a time.  She could no longer bear to witness the bullying and harassment-quite simply, she had lost the ability to look the other way.  She had seen too much.\par
\par
Some laughed, some smirked, some shrieked and some looked away as she stumbled and fell unconscious, blood flowing from the ragged wound across her throat.  Like a ruby colored halo, blood formed a crimson pool around her head where she lay among the trash, vomit, and broken wine bottles.  Kento shrieked in horror as her lips quickly turned from the color of cherries to the pallor of a white rose and her cheeks lost their lovely blush.  He sighed in despair as the Leuian quickly dragged her out of town square toward the south.  He called to her telepathically, but heard nothing but silence.  \par
\par
Panicked voices called back and forth across Spur as secians tried to discover Kyrinne\rquote s whereabouts and arrange for her rescue.  After much searching, Rixinon finally found her lifeless body in the bottom of that loathsome pit, a place where none of her brethren could hear the cries of her ghostly voice.  A place where she could not be resurrected.  While Rixie worked with others like Tisha and Minerva to remove her cold and frail body from the pit, Kyrinne\rquote s mind drifted into the past.  She remembered how Benni, Cappy, Laeytrob and many others were murdered just a few weeks ago by a storm spell from the very same hand that just took her life.  \ldblquote Everything happens so fast,\rdblquote  her ghost said quietly to no one in particular as her eyes closed and memories filled her head.\par
\par
***************\par
\par
As the Leuian withdrew, his cold laughter echoed eerily through the still streets of Spur.  Leaves whirled madly in the wind and fell to the ground like puppets who lost their strings.  Dozens lay dead and several lay dying, their fading heartbeats whispering in the stillness.  Suddenly, the wind returned and whipped harshly through town square, sucking the warmth from their cooling flesh like the deadly caress of a Muatana-al.  Ghosts moaned and wailed from their abyss of defeat, crying for resurrection or cursing their poverty before departing and facing the house of the dead.  Among the dead lay a secian whose ghost lingered in a strangely silent vigil.  Other ghosts floated above her and spoke in hushed tones, recounting the terrible attack, while this one secian said nothing. \par
\par
There at her feet he lay, his broken body as cold as ice.  She could only stand there staring blankly like a statue, stunned by all the storm spells, all the deaths, all the violence.  In her confusion she didn\rquote t even think to pray to Sa to resurrect Cappy.  She just stood there staring at his lifeless corpse, tears slowly streaming down her face.  His solemn silence belied the torment in his heart-the bitter fruit borne of sheer desperation.  When the Leuian had cast storm spells at dozens in the now-bloodied square, she had seen a certain spark in Cappy\rquote s eyes slowly fade and disappear.  Like the sun fades in the gloom of dusk, his hope withered in the shadow of such appalling violence.\par
\par
Laeytrob\rquote s crumbled form vanished as he departed.  Cappy sighed heavily and frowned.\par
\par
\ldblquote I know it\rquote s wrong.  But I will do it again if I have to,\rdblquote   he said, his hands clenched into fists.  \ldblquote I am tired of doing nothing, tired of being powerless, and tired of looking the other way.\rdblquote   He ran his hands through his hair and muttered something beneath his breath.  Kyrinne said nothing.  Instead, she pulled him close to her, held him in a warm and tender embrace, and listened quietly as he spoke of his frustration.\par
\par
\ldblquote I know I disappoint you and I am sorry for that,\rdblquote  he sighed as he took her hand in his.\par
\par
\ldblquote No, Cappy.  You mustn\rquote t say such a thing,\rdblquote  she sighed softly.  She kissed him gently and leaned her head on his shoulder.  \ldblquote I know what\rquote s in your heart,\rdblquote  she said tenderly.  \ldblquote You\rquote re a fine secian and you could never disappoint me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I am tired of just standing there and doing nothing.\rdblquote   His face was strained and pale and his brow tense.  He sighed heavily and stared off into the distance, his frustration and regret nipping away at him like the sharp teeth of a killer rat.\par
\par
\ldblquote I know.  But you can heal.\rdblquote  she said quietly reminded him.\par
\par
\ldblquote It\rquote s not enough.  He killed Benni for healing,\rdblquote  he replied angrily.  \ldblquote I never thought I would pray to harm anyone, but I had to try to stop him from casting more storm spells.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I understand how you feel, my love,\rdblquote  she replied.  \ldblquote Spur seems ruled by a few bullies and we seem to be their favorite victims.  Sometimes I wonder if anyone cares....\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I know I will do the same again.\rdblquote  he sighed.  \ldblquote I think it\rquote s best I left Spur for a while.  I don\rquote t want to bring shame upon us and I know I will.\rdblquote\par
\par
Her heart sank to hear he no longer trusted himself for she knew him to be gentle, kind, and loving.  Like a dreadful prophecy of chaos and shame, his actions haunted him.  What would he do the next time?  Would he pray harm again?  She turned her head away so he would not see how much his words troubled her.  If only tears could revive the river of peace that she knew flowed inside everyone\rquote s heart.  If only Benni hadn\rquote t been killed for healing someone in town square.  If only the governor cared about a safe town square.  If only Spur was a kinder place.\par
\par
***************\par
\par
In her lovely sapphire dress, Rosi danced with Rixinon in town square, laughing and giggling when Kyrinne arrived.  Rosi gave her a big hug and pointed to a giant sign that now stood near the arch.  Kyrinne almost fainted when she read it: City Code 134.532:  There will be no fighting, sparring or brandishing of arms within Town Square.  Failure to abide by this code may be punishable by fine, imprisonment, or a more severe penalty in the case of multiple offenses.  Rosi laughed and tickled Kyrinne, who could only stand there gaping like an idiot in stunned disbelief.\par
\par
\ldblquote Wow.\rdblquote  Kyrinne finally managed to say. \ldblquote I don\rquote t believe it.\rdblquote\par
\par
Rosi clapped and the three of them danced happily around time square until they ran out of breath from too much excitement.  Soon, Pepperi, Pear, and other secians arrived and joined the celebration.  Laughter and music rang through the town square as fine instruments, rosewood mandolins and guitars, pipes, and drums were pulled out of sacs and songs were played-happy songs to match their high spirits.  Passerbys must have thought a festival was taking place, so gay and joyous were they as they flittered and fluttered around town square without fear for the first time in many months.  Or was it years?\par
\par
A muttering Go-blin-al entered the peaceful square, read the sign, and smirked.  \ldblquote Stupid sign.  Who put that there?\rdblquote  he asked.  He grumbled a bit and kicked the sign a few times.\par
\par
\ldblquote Um, you might not want to do that,\rdblquote  Rosi suggested wisely, unsuccessfully hiding a smirk behind a small, pale hand.\par
\par
Kyrinne stopped playing her pipes and raised an eyebrow at Rosi.\par
\par
\ldblquote Why not?\rdblquote  the Go-blin-al asked, muttering something beneath his breath about stupid signs.\par
\par
\ldblquote Well.\rdblquote  she replied, but before she could explain further a Justice appeared and announced that the Go-blin-al was under arrest for damaging public property.  The Go-blin-al scowled, kicked the sign again, and was heard yelling \ldblquote It\rquote s not fair\rdblquote  as he was hauled off to Spur\rquote s jail to serve his well-deserved sentence.\par
After the snickering and laughing died down, the music played on.  Well, at least for a while.\par
\par
A San Elf and a Leuian entered town square, obviously intent on killing each other.  Their clothes were saturated with blood as if caught in a ruddy rainstorm, their eyes squinting and tense, and their hands tightly gripped on their weapons and shields.  The San Elf slashed fiercely at the Leuian with his blazing sword, but his attacks seemed to have little effect.  Barely alive, his muscles taut with forced energy, the San Elf struck one final blow before he was surprised by the appearance of the Justice.  Life\rquote s blood leaked from the ragged slice across his face as he heard that he and his \ldblquote friend\rdblquote  were under arrest for violating City Code 134.532.\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s this nonsense?\rdblquote  the San Elf demanded of the Justice and scowled.  He tended to the gash across his face as he impatiently waited for an answer. \par
\par
\ldblquote We were only....um sparring.\rdblquote  the Leuian grunted as he leered at the San Elf with eyes than promised their \ldblquote spar\rdblquote  was not over.\par
\par
\ldblquote Read the sign,\rdblquote  replied the Justice.  \ldblquote Ignorance of the law is no excuse.\rdblquote\par
\par
In a split second these two friends found themselves in what was to be a very popular destination that day.  The jail.  They moaned and whined to each other, cursing the unfair justice system, stupid laws, or their foolishness-perhaps a fair measure against their honesty, insight, or temperament.  Sadly they were neither the first nor the last to learn Spur\rquote s justice system has little mercy.  If anything, Spur\rquote s justice can be called swift.\par
\par
For the first time in many months, secians could sit in town square and play a few songs without being afraid of who might suddenly appear.  They forgot about bullies and violence, but instead reveled in the knowledge that the governor cared.  Soon their fingers were bruised from the strings of their instruments and their voices hoarse from laughter and song.  Later, when each one of them took to their beds, their faces wore a smile even when sleep took their thoughts to another realm.\par
\par
***************\par
\par
\ldblquote Kyrinne?\rdblquote  Minerva asked as she shook her gently.  \ldblquote Kyrinne?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Hmm....\rdblquote  Rixinon mumbled as he poked her and called her name once more.  \ldblquote Kyrinne?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote What...? Kyrinne asked, disoriented.  \ldblquote What happened?\rdblquote  \par
\par
\ldblquote Rixinon rezzed you.\rdblquote   Minerva said, gently stroking Kyrinne\rquote s hair.  \ldblquote I know it was a shock being in that pit, but you\rquote re okay now.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I was dreaming,\rdblquote  Kyrinne said as she blinked and shook her head.\par
After many warm embraces to thank and comfort, Rixinon and a grateful Kyrinne returned to town square after a brief stop at the bank.  The square was filled with Dragons, San Elves, and Leuians-the strong, the curious, the good, the evil.  Some were there by chance and some were there by curiosity while others were there because they had an interest in the day\rquote s events.\par
\par
The winds whispered with words in Secian, words that spoke of frustration and feelings of helplessness.  Like a whirlpool, words swirled and whirled around the square catching many in their path.  In the aftermath of violence, promises and threats were made.  Dragons fumed and possibilities were considered.  \par
\par
Was this the fifth secian murder in two weeks, or the sixth or seventh?  Should these cruel episodes of a serial murderer be ignored ?  Was there any justice in Spur?  Was the giant sign just a piece of wood?  Was it just an empty gesture?  Such questions weighed heavily upon many who were tired of the constant and unabated violence in town square.  Dragons grumbled and considered their options, some secians ventured nowhere alone, and Spur waited to find out who controlled Spur.  Was it the governor or a few bullies?\par
\par
As would be expected, some saw this new development as an opportunity to test the governor\rquote s patience-that giant sign saw more kicks than a hand cleric would see in a lifetime.  More secians were attacked and many of Spur\rquote s residents chafed at the unrelenting plethora of uncontrolled violence, the lack of common courtesy and respect, and the sheer idiocy of those who think they can take the lives of innocents without any repercussion.  Unbeknownst to most citizens, the governor was meeting with his Justices and a few of the most noble in Spur, his Knights.  He had read scrolls about citizens longing for a safe place and heard the grumbling of his Knights who wanted to avoid racial wars-something everyone feared.  Would a champion bring justice or would the governor?\par
\par
***************\par
\par
Several Taathians lounged about town square, laughing and snickering about their most recent victim when a Justice suddenly appeared.  The Taathians appeared amused until the Justice stated his business.\par
\ldblquote Kryger, you are under arrest for murder.\rdblquote  the Justice announced.  \ldblquote Justice will be served.\rdblquote\par
\par
Kyrinne stared in disbelief, wondering where the Justice had been the night she had been killed.  \ldblquote There is no justice in Spur,\rdblquote  she said sadly as tears welled in her eyes.  \ldblquote We die and nobody cares.\rdblquote   She quickly left the square before she cried or said something she would later regret.\par
\par
\ldblquote Why is there no justice for us Pepperi?\rdblquote  she called to her mother telepathically.\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t know, dear.\rdblquote  Pepperi replied sadly. \ldblquote But why do they think killing someone is justice?  It serves no purpose to keep anyone safe for long...Why can they nae just be locked up for a while?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Why do they do nothing for us Pepperi?  We die and nobody seems to care.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote When those who break the law are punished swiftly, they will stop breaking the law,\rdblquote  Obscure, the Justice responded telepathically to secians.\par
\par
\ldblquote Not ones like that...he\rquote s never learned before.\rdblquote  sighed Pepperi sadly as she furrowed her brow.  Too many memories of too many deaths filled her head.\par
\par
\ldblquote If he loses some of his constitution a few times he\rquote ll learn quickly,\rdblquote  Obscure replied sagely.\par
\par
\ldblquote Many never learn.  Spur is ruled by bullies and I am weary.\rdblquote  Kyrinne sighed.  She remembered Cappy lying there dead at her feet.  She remembered how he felt.  She remembered it all too well.\par
\par
\ldblquote How come we get killed?\rdblquote  asked Daphne.  \ldblquote We small but not powerless.\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote I could never hurt anyone,\rdblquote  Kyrinne sighed.  \ldblquote Never.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote If anyone touches me, I will do anything I can to survive.\rdblquote  Daphne replied quite honestly.  She clearly was not willing to become the next victim.\par
\par
\ldblquote Nor could I, dear daughter.  But in a strange way tis comforting to know that somethin\rquote  is being done.  My heart aches to see it, but perhaps it\rquote s time we see that sometimes it\rquote s necessary.\rdblquote  Pepperi added.  She knew that too much death, too much violence, and too much misery makes for a very poor life in Spur.  Each visit brought her less pleasure than the one before- a disappointment felt by many who believe in the path of peace.  She prayed for justice to be fair and merciful and hoped that Obscure was right.\par
\par
Secians spoke of peace, violence, and death for a while and pondered on the meaning of life in Spur while Kbar became the next to feel the heavy hand of justice.  Sadly many others followed.  Some were fined, some were executed, and some were imprisoned as Obscure proved that the giant sign was more than just a stick in the ground.  Some served their sentence willingly while others vainly tried to escape from the penalties of death and loss.  The following day the post office was flooded with scrolls about the state of justice in Spur.  Where were the fair trials or restitution for the victims?  Since that fateful day swift justice has made its appearance on a more regular basis, often much to the surprise of those who have long ignored the law.  Naturally some citizens were quite pleased with the actions of the governor, his knights, and the justice system while others ironically labeled justice unfair-particularly those who were known to be Spur\rquote s worst lawbreakers.  Justice restored some hope, yet many still worried that the fragile peace in town square was only temporary-just a momentary respite from the wretched bloody massacres that had permanently stained the soil a deep russet brown.\par
\par
Regardless of their fears and concerns for survival, Secians kept to their vows of peace and tried to comfort those who mumbled about taking up arms if the need ever arose.  Like a fragile flower that flourishes with care and perishes from the lack of it, the flame that lights the dark streets of Spur needs love to burn brightly.  So they turned to each other for comfort and courage and dreamed and prayed for a better life.  A life where they could heal someone or speak without being struck down.  A life where they could enjoy just a little of the peace that meant so much to them.  With justice firmly in place, including plans for the Knights to someday dispense justice, hope was slowly restored in the hearts of those who walk the path of peace.  After the long and terrible storm ended, the fierce winds that carve the rugged landscape of Spur often carried the voices of many very brave and loving Secians.  If you listen very carefully you may still hear them whispering the wise words of Jubbal: \ldblquote Love Everyone.  Respect Everyone.  Forgive Everyone.\rdblquote\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Minstrels And Musings\par
By Esper Lyrian\par
\par
We have some wonderful pieces for you this month, and I hope you'll enjoy them as much as I did.\par
First, we have some poems by Moire and Marigold.\par
\par
Moire's piece is untitled, and she says it was meant in good fun, and not to insult anyone.\par
\par
There's a side I keep hidden\par
There's a side of me I show\par
And sometimes the sides flip-flop\par
And I don't know where to go!\par
\par
There's a plurality to my personality\par
And that's why we call me Ms. Duality.\par
\par
I can be chaste and I can be sexual\par
I can be powerful, sometimes ineffectual.\par
Sometimes I'm happy, and then I'm depressed\par
I feel cursed and I feel blessed\par
\par
There's a plurality to my personality\par
And that's why we call me Ms. Duality.\par
\par
I'm inside and outside, before and after\par
My mind and body are slave and master\par
I am dominant, I am submissive\par
I am black and I'm white\par
I'm jaunty, serious, competent, delerious\par
I'm silent, boisterous,quiescent, roisterous\par
\par
Yes, there's a plurality to my personality\par
And that's why we call me Ms. Duality.\par
(That's me--that's me, too!)\par
\par
Yes, things may seem bad with this strange Dichotomy\par
But it could be worse--there could be a whole lot of me.\par
And I don't want to have multiple personalities!\par
('Cause two's enough!)\par
\par
\par
Next, we had Marigold's Spur of the Moment piece, the topic was "The opposite Sex." Don't look at *me*!\par
\par
Titled, "Spurian Men, and the women who put up with 'em."\par
\par
They sit and belch too loudly,\par
They rarely shave their faces,\par
They wear their torn clothes proudly,\par
And they scratch such vulgar places.\par
\par
From labor like the plague they shrink,\par
Their boots are prone to track,\par
They've barely learned just how to think,\par
Without a woman's helpin' hand.\par
\par
And most of em are clumsy oafs,\par
Who don't know bricks from love;\par
Ye'd be better off just a stayin' at home,\par
Than trying to find one who does.\par
\par
Of course, they make excellent pack mules,\par
And some of them do well...indoors...\par
But the larger percent are just babblin' fools,\par
And in worse cases, uncultured boors.\par
\par
They swear, but not creatively,\par
Their egos are...QUITE large...\par
But they'll crawl to you beratedly\par
When they realize who's in charge.\par
\par
Though to be fair, there are a few,\par
Who've squirmed into me heart...\par
Some lad has won me through and through...\par
(He thinks that he's a Bard).\par
\par
For next week's recitals..\par
Changeman won prepared pieces, and Smakem won Spur of the Moment with the following piece.. The topic was, "Love"\par
\par
Smooth grace, a dangerous face,\par
unafraid of sweat, toil, blood...\par
Companion, shieldmate,\par
through fire, ice, and flood...\par
Gone now for months,\par
unlikely to return...\par
Biancca my love,\par
for you\par
I still burn...\par
\par
The week after was won by Changeman Shadowlurk in both categories, and here are his two pieces. \par
\par
When following rainbows to pots of faerrie gold,heed the old men's gossip on the days of old.\par
\par
A fey kiss in the night has no substance at all.The greater your pride,the sounder your fall.\par
\par
The river of sparkling wine leads to the land of pleasure.No one ever returns with the elfkin's treasure.\par
\par
For Spur of the Moment, the topic was "Valentin'a Day"\par
\par
Across the sea she waits,the lady of shadows and dreams.Sleepless days and empty nights run together into a nightmare epic.Oh uncaring gods, please return the ship from Saladea by Valentina's day.\par
\par
\par
For the following week's recitals, Nihil won prepareds, Fidget won Spur of the Moment. I was unable to procure their pieces due to time and space constaints, but I will try to include them in next month's DFC.\par
\par
The most recent recitals were won by Liontu in the prepared category, and Solic for Spur of the Moment. Liontu's piece is titled, "Her"\par
\par
I open my eyes, and what do I see?\par
     A shimmer of beauty, standing by me.\par
Her hair glints of black, her eyes deep deep green, \par
     My heart starts to race, just what could it mean?\par
She walks with a grace, she dances on air, \par
     The wind blows around, through that shiney black hair.\par
A quick little swish,  of her long silky tail, \par
      If I didn't know before, I know now what makes me a male.\par
She gives me a glance, and I can only but melt, \par
     I silently thank Sa, for this hand I've been dealt.\par
She bounds away, turning back to wink at me, \par
     Time to give chase, I grin with glee.\par
She runs along the beach, sand kicking in the air, \par
     She's quick as a whisp, wind blowing through her hair.\par
She toys with me, as I give her chase, \par
     I roar with laughter, at this quaint little race.\par
I finally catch her, we laugh through the night, \par
     I can't help but feel good, cause this sure feels right.\par
I gaze in to her eyes, feel the depths of her soul, \par
     I know she completes me, she makes me feel whole.\par
I kiss her with passion, and just who is she?\par
     Her name is India, and she means so much to me.\par
\par
\par
Solic's piece was titled, "Frost." The topic was winter.\par
\par
Harsh, cold winds\par
Blow by a red face\par
And the snow trickles down\par
A facade of white\par
And the dogs march forwards\par
Regardless of warmth, strength\par
And the man towers over them\par
A monolith in the white light.\par
And the sun comes out\par
A spectacle of gold and red\par
The man glances up, into the bright picture\par
And a fixed smile, frozen\par
A twinkle in his eye\par
Staring into the shiny, blue sky\par
Smirks, triumphantly\par
And mutters a few prayers\par
A smile of glee\par
And a jump of freedom\par
Winter is over\par
And life begins\par
\par
\par
Thanks for Reading!\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
Gossip Column\par
Esper Lyrian\par
\par
The Society Column is going to become a regular Gossip Column.. The Recital winners now have their own section.\par
\par
Special thanks to Acculon for his contributions.\par
\par
Ferronogon Draconcenturion is a 3'9" Dragon.. FREAK! Event the town criers and townspeople were making comments.\par
\par
Whispers were also heard by many in TS saying, "Chaos Rules.." Kento the secian is quoted as saying, "Chaos not Fules!"\par
Acculon denies any allegations he gave Kento coffee.\par
\par
Soon after, a battle-axe came to life in Town Square and started attacking Spurians. They just don't like getting sold.\par
\par
We also have reports of a 40' Chihuahua in the Arena.. Um, our sources on this was a band of drunken hithual who *finally* returned from the "low-down" Hithual party in the Anything Goes Club. (Renamed the Mature Very-little-goes club for the party.) Many Spurians have reported that they saw Lanoche entering from the general direction of the AGC.. (Hmm!)\par
\par
Jainelle seems to have lost, then regained her memory.. Though she has none of her ex-mate (Jhered) or any of her children. Jhered is said to have taken off his soul ring of promise to Jainelle, stomped on it, spit on it, and thrown it, until Kassandra picked it up. Now Jhered's saying Kassandra asked for him to give it to her.\par
\par
\par
Don't invite the following folks to the same soiree at the Golden \par
Lion: Jhered and Kassandra, Jhered and Jainelle, Meboki and anyone, Aros and Tzar, Saruman and Tzar, anyone in bloody Spur and Tzar (or Kbar, or Kagee), Kassandra and Set, Cellaigh and any Odarian, Sennid and the Pride, Sennid and the Colinth Argonix, or Jhered and a fam.\par
\par
Marigold and Esper, Spur's own Drag-al couple, are said to be expecting children. Congrats!\par
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640 ============================================================================\par
***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***DFC***\par
\pard ============================================================================\par
A note to all writers:  The Chronicle has the right to edit, refuse, and/or publish all submissions it receives.  As well, writers lose all rights to their submitted articles UNLESS said works are copyrighted AND that copyright is brought to our attention before the time of publication.  We at the Spurian Chronicle will tend not to publish completely copyrighted submissions as the very nature of this paper is public domain (yes, you can freely distribute the FSSC however you see fit, though if money becomes involved you must contact us about said transaction).  Please note that AUSI maintains the copyrights on Dragon's Gate, its characters, and its game system.  Other copyrights may be applicable as well.\par
}
 